
oh, what up hoe? oh, what up?
i said, oh, what up hoe? oh, what up?
i said, oh, what up hoe? oh, what up?
well alright


welcome to my diary, stressing got me gray hairs
something to inspire me, rather than society's
woes, let me go, let me shine a lil' bit love
i want diamonds too, ronnie on player's club
i used to have a nine-to-five, fresh out of school, that was 'five
that bitch was racist, got me fired, ever since then, i had no job
pushing in my mama van, stop for gas on rosecrans
trust me, these niggas rushed me for something my cousin probably did
guilty by association, story of my life nigga!
you gon' make me flip, then split yo' shit, judge give me life nigga!
pain since my grandma's death, uncle killed at louie's burgers
hold my tears, i tried my best, let it go, drench my pullover
cycles of a starving artist tryna go beyond the margin-margin
maintaining my modest-modest as i dream
so while i go through all-this-all-this, bullshit what you call it
life itself, i know it helps, let me scroll through my blackberry


i said, keep reading my diary when my life's entirely
surrounded by the irony of living in the city
i said they wouldn't hire me, i said i got my ass beat
and the only thing can help is ass and some titties
so what's up baby? i said what's up?
i had a long day and i really wanna fuck
see i ain't tryna think about no phone bills, credit card late fees
capital one popping up on my caller i.d.
pawning my chain in the shop, watching for hollow tip shots
watching my vehicle break down on another man's block
man, that's my worst fear, ain't that your worst fear?
you know when your transmission go out and can't switch gears
or run through a pothole at two in the morning
scared to hit your emergencies, cause then they'll be on it
see i know, when the harsh reality takes toll
open up your contacts, then scroll ("hey what's up daddy? ")


welcome to my diary, hmm, where should i begin?
finna get a swisher and fill it with at least a gram
crackers watch my every step, better yet they work my every nerve
cutting me this worthless check, the concept is so absurd
like a church in debt, a turtle in a turtleneck
convertibles with turbo jets fueled by seven up and prometh'
i feel like death's around the corner like the quickest wide receiver
so i took another shot, tequila hit me like a nina (blaow!)
my sky's gray, my bitch is brighter
always saying "lights please", j. cole's her ghostwriter
and i'm the god mc, join my diocese
free ya mind, don't mind so-ciety
and finally, everyone got their own problems
everything's subject to change like broken dollars
i'm a, drown in my drink and swim in woman's vagina
like a pirahna fin, it gets harder than rihanna when



uh, i used to to wanna by like michael jordan
figured that i'd hit the nba and make a fortune
thank god for these rap recordings
i can ball like him on every verse and chorus
five-zero-ones, louis letterman jacket
little brother only five, momma put him on my taxes
you know that compton ghetto shit
that every section eight tenant is familiar with? ooh wee
they say he something like the seventies, but i'm from 'eighty-seven
with a thousand dimes, you got eighty sevens
gourmet sneakers, hair nappy
fucking all my high school teachers, that was 'five bro
and i don't like 'em if the ass thin
and i don't wife 'em if a nigga is her best friend
the fuck i look like?
a billion bucks, and that's why


she looking at the car like she wanna fuck it
she looking at the wrist like she wanna fuck it
hating on her girlfriend just so i can fuck it
she say she on birth control, no i don't trust it, hoe
uh, so give me fifty feet champ
run until i got a bunion and my feet cramp
i'm in the hot spot, i know they seats damp
and i don't need your cosign, that's a cheap stamp
you niggas' check's cash
and i'm gt crashing, one-zero-five off rap
ay, that lil' nigga got it going on
gfive, going-going-going gone
cloud nine mind state
i drop a record, then i raise the crime rate
killing this shit, where's your funeral tie?
a-b-c-d-e-f-g, fuck, skip to y


she looking at the car like she wanna fuck it
she looking at the wrist like she wanna fuck it
hating on her girlfriend just so i can fuck it
say she on birth control, no i don't trust it
aooow~! first off, i'm a rider bitch
put them twenty-sixes on a silverado bitch
i keep my bitch with a finer bitch
snap my fingers, she'll go and find a bitch
tell them fuck boys that i do this
got the best product round town, frank lucas
confuse 'em like a rubix cube when i roll up
okay, subway bread like some cold cuts
and i drop cold cuts, bitches go crazy
wild like a haitian, i should set up shop in haiti
fuck you, pay me, paper over pussy nigga
when i drop, you ain't getting paper nor pussy nigga


bitch i do this
bitch i do this
the definition what cool is
boy, i thought you knew this
bitch i do this


uh-uh-uh, what up?
uh, i'm tryna, what up?
uh-uh, i'm tryna get something
uh-uh-uh, i'm tryna, what up?
i say, what up?
uh-uh, i'm tryna

sometimes i wanna leave, sometimes i wanna cry
sometimes i hate to bear the truth, sometimes i wanna lie
sometimes i wanna school the youth, sometimes i wanna ride
sometimes i wanna not think, sometimes i wanna vibe
sometimes i wanna bump tribe and zone out, this song bout a young boy
that's going wild inside, when my world collide
with your world where your girl and your kids reside
we kill the facades, we feel free to fly
we're birds that reserve in the charismatic sky
i care about my pride too much, if my clothes is new
if my ride is plush, if my hair is cut, if my diamonds is crushed
i look in the mirror, i'm trendy enough? wrong
insecurity roams the black community
homes where kids must have jewelry
the high school female need earrings and details
so she can be cool to be amongst popularity
the various name brands that reach the price scan
that's not about the right price, but more like the right scam
to rule us all, confuse us all
hit the bank within five minutes and then withdraw
now let's draw the picture of a rapper with a chain
in a range that is not paid for
my cousin from the south said he just bought him a house
that lives around his neck like a white collar
so why fast forward? then i rewind
a time machine can help me double back to slavery times
picking cotton from a field that a white man own
the blacker you are, farther you from the white man's home
negro spiritual zones gave us some type of sanity
before your vanity they parted our families
they put us in hundred-degree shade, and outside we bathed
the more we were afraid, the more they made rules
and trapped our minds in the cage, our freedom was so fake
couldn't see it with the eyes of tracee ross, uh!
and school was exempt, see we couldn't have smarts
and a smirk could get you hurt, wound diversed from a scar
four-hundred years of nothing, four-hundred years of suffering
four-hundred years of tears and tribulation, miseducation
see what we facing is now coming, back to the roots
remember whips on our back and if we would run they would shoot?
call us niggers and figured that we'd never lived in pursuit
of happiness, we captured these feelings in things that we do
thought it's abstinence in slavery, but we made it come to
a modern perspective, my shoe selection gotta be louie
her handbag gotta be gucci, it's fake then she foobie
she still bad though, and her fake gucci ain't that bad though
we filling up the gas for rollies
upgrade to twenty-sixes, out there riding kobes
my cousin from the south, slavery start in the south and i bet ya
he overcompensates for the life of his ancestors
so blame it on the four-hundred years we never saw
the reason why the next four-hundred we gotta floss
slaves

uh, i say the four-hundred years we never had nothing
barely had clothes on our back
it's the reason why when we get a little bit of change
we over-exaggerate on our living expenses
so if you get your first big check and you cop a chain before you buy a house
you're a vanity slave
if you're a female and you got four, five, six rings on your finger
four holes in your left ear and a nose piercing
you're a vanity slave
if you got an 'two monte carlo with twenty-fo's on it
and on the back of the window it says "get on my level hoe"
you're a vanity slave
we all vanity slaves
and with that being said, can somebody please tell me where the mall at?
i'm not from around here
hey ali, where we at? idaho?
yeah nigga, you know the first of the month
you know them checks come in
i'm tryna get something, but what up?



smoke to it nigga, smoke to it nigga


that's what she said to me
that place i used to call home is just a bed to me
and we don't even sleep, neighbors can hear her weep
meanwhile i'm in these streets with everybody
i'm trying to get it and she know they got me, i watch her feelings watch me
as they staring with the saddest eyes of loneliness
look each other in the face and barely blink
i tried to make it right but the pen ran out of ink
so if my letters don't reach you, i hope these lyrics in sync


that's what it said to me
but that place i call ambition now dead to me
gone and forgotten, i'm off track like dale earnhardt
my liver rotten, alcoholic tripping
fucking bad bitches and they got bad intentions
club night, guys and dolls
balling out, but i'm bout to drop the ball
i'm calling out for help, my engineer called
told me come to the studio, i wanna tell him nah


that's what he said to me
but that place we call heaven unfair to me
only a hundred and forty-four can go
seven billion people on planet earth today
is there something that i don't know?
i know to follow him, rather following people
or follow vanity cause that means i'm following evil
guess i'm following evil, i should follow cathedral
blessings i need, but live like i don't need you


so in conclusion
we all seem to stumble, planning our own demise
forgetting the big picture and making it wallet size
so to what's important in my life, i apologize
i promise to stay faithful, focused and sanctified
we all get distracted
the question is, would you bounce back or bounce backwards?
would you not know how to act or take action? it's just a part of life
and if your vision's impaired, you probably lose it all tonight


"gina, baby, i don't have no money and i don't have no ends
gina, i'm ass-out"
"i'm going through something right now!"
"i done told you that"


oh, what up ho? oh, what up?
i said, oh, what up ho? oh, what up?
i said, oh, what up ho? oh, what up?
well alright...

i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice
i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice

welcome to my diary, stressing got me gray hairs
something to inspire me, rather than society's
woes, let me go, let me shine a lil' bit love
i want diamonds too, ronnie on player's club
i used to have a nine-to-five, fresh out of school that was 'five
that bitch was racist, got me fired, ever since then, i had no job
pushing in my momma van, stop for gas on rosecrans
trust me these niggas rushed me for somethin my cousin prolly did
guilty by association: story of my life, nigga
you gon make me flip and split yo shit just give me life, nigga
pain since my grandma's death, uncle killed at louie's burgers
hold my tears i tried my best, let it go, drenched my pullover
cycles of a starving artist tryna go beyond the margin, margin
maintaining my modest modus as i dream
so while i go through all this, all this bullshit what you call it
life itself, i know what helps, let me scroll through my blackberry
("hey what's up daddy?")

i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice
i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice

"so what'd you rush me out here for?
how was your day? are you tipsy?"
"mhm!"

 
all i need in this lifetime: pussy and patron
give me that, once you give me that, once again it's on
bitch i'm swagged up, hoes bopping when i'm off that screw
coming down clean, tell your baby momma what it do?
where your friends at? i got long dick, what it is?
go on poke it out, situate your little positives
how i live? big shot, on my grind, all ready
i'mma lay it down like a carpenter when you let me...

give me that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
i can't get enough, if i offend you, blame it on the liquor babe
give me that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
i can't get enough if i offend you...

uh, i wrote this song when dave drove home
and caught that flat, in the mean t flats
and it made me think if we could blink
to change locations where we at
we often get lost in the alcohol bottle
in attempt to ignore pain, problem, and sorrow
just for a minute, then back to the bullshit
your car note due and you 'bout to get evicted
two drugs surely, patron, pussy, make it feel alright
but once it's empty and the bitch leave, then it's back to life
you can't run from it, gotta run to it, nigga
the antidote wouldn't last and you knew it, nigga
but still, you proceed to dive deep, ask what's her zodiac sign

i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice
i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice


okay, welcome to my diary, hmm, where should i begin?
finna get a swisher and fill it with at least a gram
crackers watch my every step, man i hate to work for them
one time i tried to work for me, but that shit didn't work for me
and here i am, stressing, questioning my direction man
what to do? nothing's moving, traffic jam, wiggle through it
pop the cork and take the fluid, bust that pussy open
bust that pussy open, bust that pussy open
(soul!) balls deep, ya dig? retrieve, relief, ya dig?
let's kill a bottle of tequila
and lie butt-naked telling the truth, would ya?
what's up? i had a long day and i really wanna fuck
take a double shot to the face and forget about my whole day
'cause all i've been thinking the whole day...


i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice
i'm going through something with life
but pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron make you feel alright
pussy and patron, that's some great advice

all i need in this lifetime: pussy and patron
give me that, once you give me that, once again it's on
bitch i'm swagged up, hoes bopping when i'm off that screw
coming down clean, tell your baby momma what it do?
where your friends at? i got long dick, what it is?
go on poke it out, situate your little positives
how i live? big shot, on my grind, all ready
i'mma lay it down like a carpenter, when you let me...



uh, she got me going, i'm all in
fifty stories, i'm falling
where you been? is it planet mars?
far beyond the stars? are you a martian?
you're unfamiliar, but still i feel ya
energy is sending me toward the ceiling
i'm high now, are you up there?
if you was, i would climb every other stair
i gotta stare, i mean wow
and i'm wowed, no one compares
a one-on-one, you must have won
every pageant in america when you was young
lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy
body frame crazy, insane, crazy
the only girl that can make time, then make me stop


uh, so now we on, so now we gone
living in the city of the unknown
i show her off, i stunt with her
we do it sweet, they look bitter
look at her get up, i hear 'em say
but why him? i hear 'em hate
i laugh at it, rather than jab at it
then continue eternal life as a crack addict
cause i'm addicted, and you the drug
cold turkey? no sir
gotta be an odyssey from heaven way above
you definite, not probably, i gotta give it up
lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy
body frame crazy, insane, crazy
the only girl that can make time, then make me stop


you something different
i'm glad i found you
so pretty
i'll never do anything to hurt you





uh, yeah 
uh
we hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
hurt people that love us, love people...
i'm inspired, so get inspired

and so he said, why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
why you couldn't be a con-artist? why you couldn't
why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil' devious
the moment that we first started?
why you never ask for nothing, just a lil' time?
why you let me use yours cause i don't got mines?
why you always lift me up when i'm completely giving up?
or when niggas holler what's up, you give a dry response?
why you giving me your last, knowing you ain't got it?
why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
why you tell me that you love me? why you always thinking of me?
want my company rather than going club hopping
why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
why you making promises that you'll forever do?
whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
these are exactly the reasons why i cheat on you, sometimes


and so she said, why you gotta be so mean to me?
why you don't know what you mean to me?
why you always playing games? why i feel like you ashamed
out in public, curse me out and make a scenery?
why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
why text messages popping up saying hi daddy?
why you treat me like i'm nothing? why you always at a function?
i be wanting to go out but you don't never ask me
why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
why you always assuming that i still love my ex?
every time we get into it, i'm the one that's feeling stupid
you don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's your favorite threat
why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
why i feel i'm the last option after your homies?
why you always gotta know that i will never let you go
even though you get violent and put your hands on me? sometimes



i used to want to be like michael jordan
figured i would hit the nba and make me a fortune


this shit make a nigga wanna get some bread or bust a head
or fuck my enemy's bitch, acting bad and getting rich
pull up on them twenty-sixes, i'm a vanity slave
i'm a sinner, jesus christ, please forgive me for my ways
i don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and i don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
i'm a comp-town representer, concrete backflipper
a.k.a. that nigga, don't worry
i don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and i don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
this is hiiipower, since the eddie bower i've been popular
i'm popping now, every other hour, paparazzi come
you jocking her, let her be a hoe, why you stopping though?
we stopping the traffic, what you know bout them hockey pucks?
skating on 'em, why you hating on 'em? you should learn from 'em
see too many of y'all getting money, know my turn coming
i don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and i don't know why... "hey, wait a minute motherfucker"


man, the game chose me, what am i to do?
only thing i did wrong was make it possible
i diddy bop and make them titties pop
out there on my bumper like a city cop
walking down to fred segal, put my girl on it
ass so fat, probably sit the world on it
ay, pussy crazy, pussy crazy
you fuck niggas, you pussies crazy
man, i know i can't tell you bout the world homie
but i know i can tell you bout your girl homie
her pussy's crazy, her pussy crazy
i fucked nigga, i know you hate me
i know they pay me, too much of attention
bring my name up, it gotta be mentioned
i need me an engine that go real fast
call it "haul of fame", once it haul ass
give me tall glass, coconut ciroc
please no soda pop, i make my solo pop
life's a bitch, her pussy crazy
but i make that pussy pay me


i remember tripping, walking through the set like my glock don't think
grandma in the kitchen, neck bones in the sink
i don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and i don't why you sucker niggas can't see
i'm from hoover mayne, high as supermayne, shit you lois lane
you pussy mayne with the pussy game, shit we off the chain
we popping ay, fortune, not the fame, shit you backwards mayne
you chasing hoes, we replacing those, bag and pass them hoes
your broad that chose, yes she moving on, yep we do it wrong
we fuck the homes, fuck the center home, marijuana strong
you know i'm gone, turn my swagger on, am i swagged enough?
my paper long, yep you left alone, you gets none fucks
leaning off the actavis, passing blunts round and round
told mary/merry was a (go), so we passed her (round) and (round)
your bitch texted me, wants it now, so i had to knock her down
work her bouncing on my balls, slinging dick up from the mouth
you let it slide, i hit home-runs, clean her dugout till i'm done
i can be her number two and you can be her number one
her pussy's crazy, her pussy's crazy
you fuck niggas


lord forgive me


kill him where he stand or stand over him shake his hand
then jump back in that mini van, double back to his block
and blam i ain't backing down for nothing
i'm a back em down like shaq with this black two-two-three in my hand
better pray that this chopper jam, like a radio single, man
police radio signals sayin' that a one hundred and eighty-seven land on your corner,
coroners comfort your mama, mama he's dead,
the next morning high toasted up with my homies
we drink and smoke marijuana, want us to change our ways? uh-huh
you see this game we play come from uncles that raised me in compton
ask me what i have accomplished
i don't know i don't have conscience
i just load up and start dumpin' on enemies i'm head hunting
no sympathy, ain't no love when you in these streets just get something
protect ya neck cause they comin' for set respects split your onion
then chop your deck your head tumblin' like gymnastics
cause ignorance is bliss


this the hardest shit you've heard from la this far
and i'm this far, from a discharge but never will i dish off
we all tryna ball and when i got the rock i'll dish off
until the day i pistol whip you posers till ya'll pissed off
then peel off, in a hooptie
come back and make these niggas wanna shoot me
and they bitches wanna salute me or seduce me
indubitably i'm too street
indubitably i'm a do me
better than your bitch would
but you niggas too weak, but just give me two weeks
and i'm good
i'll make an album that'll put a smile on malcolm
make martin luther tell god i'm the future for heaven's talent
no tarot card reading i'm foreseeing you niggas vanish
not only from the rap game, i'm including the planet
cats so watered down clowns can sink titanic
tie titanium around their neck and watch em panic
give me respect, dammit, or get damaged
die young, corpse identified by your parents
apparently you a parrot
mocking me and my blueprint
but i won't share it just make you cop it then call you a sheriff
stop it, i'm hearin' the comments
the critics are calling me conscious
but truthfully, every shooter be callin' me compton
so truthfully, only calling me kweli and common?
proves, that ignorance is bliss


and this still the hardest shit you've heard from la this far
and i'm this far, from a discharge but never will i dish off
this my world, i grab the universe then play kickball
and they wonder why these california earthquakes hit so hard
i'm so-cal, you so called
rappers need to go call
ghostbusters to shoot busters i'm casper when i go off
i show up, to show out to show off
you a hundred percent behind me
and if you hard then wreck your car and walk up to my crime scene
i remember being seventeen wishing someone would sign me
now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
backin' down boggins
backin' down bitches
we gon' flip her once she off that blue dolphin
you gon' tip her
cause ignorance is bliss
and willy b i'm a fool on yo beats, i bleed out the speaker
as the speaker that spoke when they done speak



this is me thinking at four:forty-three am, june six

sometimes i wanna say fuck rapping, i need money now
like should i start trapping? if what i write down
don't connect this very moment, then i'm on it, no question
in the streets my niggas is well connected, let's see
do i cop a pound of kush, promethazine or push some e?
oxycontin have laying on soft cotton when i sleep?
this is deep as the abyss, i'm not just rhyming on the beat
i be in spots chopping the rocks like flintstone feet
this is me frustrated, battling my own evils
finna saddle up that work, across ohio in a geo
or should i sell my music .zip to buy your zip
and hope one day it flourish to a kilo, track record of a hustler
rather records on the needle, making music
clocking fast bank like a shot from patrick ewing
my nigga, what you doing on these corners with me?
"i thought you had a show?" well i guess my nigga, i didn't
i'm tryna get this dough and easy money sounds tempting
especially when your homies pushing veight hinges
twenty-two on twenty-sixes, range rovers rolling up
three-fifty for an ounce of fire, i hope i got enough
this industry calling my bluff, i need a new solution
curve-serving, know i might be in your store boosting
two-elevens with mac-elevens like fuck hip hop
don't wanna be pun, don't wanna be b.i.g., don't wanna be 'pac
just give me your funds, a.k.a. everything that you got
or everything getting shot, for nothing
leave you in shock, coughing up blood and mumbling
watch, the plans of a young man sponsor
moving grams like relocating your mom's momma
then expand to the hoover dam, water
sherm, contraband, they yearn for the butt-naked
fuck a verse, verses get let off in thirty minutes, six seconds
i disperse to the world of unruly, where i put the mic down
and pick up a sack and a toolie, if you knew me
you'll know i always had a passion for riddle when writing
but lately i've been thinking bout taking chances to brighten
my future financially, so please don't be mad at me
i gotta do what i gotta do, no shit
so i tell my nigga front me, let me put it on the strip
then give it back when i think about the consequence, shit


there are times, when you need someone
i will be by your side
oh darling, cause there is a light that shines
special for you, and me yeah
i-take-i-take-take my chances-chances-chances
before they pass, they pass, they pass
pass me by, oh darling
you've got to look at the other side


r.o.t.c., or right on time conscience



one time
reporting live, compton, california

have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
like you never get right? sort of like a black sheep
back down, backing out your dreams like some bad sleep
chasing for the win but you never win the track meet
oh, what a cold world for a broke nigga, it's bitter
and life's a bitch, don't hit women so i bit her
i struck enough pain, let her know i wasn't playing
i was so (sincere) like nas' first name
and back, they'd tell me, it's very difficult to see twenty-five
and if i survive i probably wouldn't sell it
my opportunities are low because my brown complexion floats
in the ghetto, rather in some heals like giuseppe's
they want me unemployed, until i hit the streets
for filling voids of broke d-boys selling weed
fucking up my prestige, till i live with the blues
b.b. king or the neighbors of snoop


have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
like you never did right? sort of like a black sheep
tryna get away from the world stereotype
barbed wire got a barricade on your destiny
she desperately in need of some inspiration, see what the people saying
she gon' have a baby, then flee from her education
at the age of sixteen, credit card scam schemes
see a scar on her eye, boyfriend brutality
she will never get by, no how, no way
welfare recipient, property of the state
housing, section eight, corner store, prostitute
the owner bout to prosecute, the niggas tell her that she cute
hoodrat trashy, six baby daddies
and this baby daddy is new to the family
chilling in pajamies, waiting on the first
fast-forward, spilling drinks on her fur


have you ever felt like you finally got life?
you finally got right? no longer a black sheep
living off your (dreams) like christina uh-milian in the front seat
of a convertible, eloping to get married
what a feeling of overcoming the odds
it's like you just hit the lottery, my god
there must be a god, cause golly
you done made it through the fight while squabbling, ali
now your lifestyle's looking up and you escaped the crooked cops
and you ain't have to kill a nigga just to make a couple bucks
and she ain't have to go and fuck on everybody for a dollar
making good decisions, got an independent business mind
and both of y'all are steady grinding, doing it the legal way
just tryna make a decent pay on every second of the day
but they won't give you the credit, disses out they mouth
you must have joined the illuminati just to ball out


just laugh, then everybody say


