Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this) it's Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass (Till forever, till forever) One time for your motherfucking mind, we represent the 313 You know what I'm saying? yo they don't know shit about this For the '96 Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction To get your brain relaxing, the zanyacting maniac in action A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run My rhyming skills got you climbing hills I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills I'm sliming grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects and twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke This is the season for noise pollution contamination Examination of more car tunes than animation My lamination of narration Hits a snare and bass in a track for duck rapper interrogation When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring gazing I turn the stage into a barren wasteland... I'm infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm infinite Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a Jeep full of people MCs are feeble, I came to 'cause some pandemonium Battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one Imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces My a cappella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm infinite Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the MO So I'm assuming all responsibility 'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs Mic nestler, slamming like a wrestler Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy In fact I can't see, or can't imagine A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam Plus the man who never had a plan B Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit... I'm infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm infinite You heard of hell well I was sent from it I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it... I'm infinite '95, '96 ('96) Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week You know what I'm sayin'? This is MC Proof And DJ Head Checkin' in on W.E.G.O. You know what I'm sayin'? Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next. It's a local thing wants retilin' It goes by the name of Eminem It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) One day I plan to be a family man happily married I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried Till I'm glad to be buried  And leave this crazy world And have at least a half a million for my baby girl It may be early to be planning this stuff Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed My hands have been cuffed But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call Way before my baby is able to crawl I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep  Praying for sleep Dreaming with a watering mouth Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts With the root of all evil I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful And make them do shit illegal For these Grant's and Jackson's These transactions explain a man's actions But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity  Through God and there's a wish he granted me He showed me how to cope with the stress And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest To selling dope with the rest I quit smoking cess to open my chest Life is stressful inside this cesspool  Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts Kids attract static, children with automatics Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok) I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright) It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep) It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here) Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me If you ever wanna be one see None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me If you ever wanna be one see Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right  I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch) We elevated to new heights premeditated  Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it The escalated can be put to the test of greatness Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it So I take it that's the reason I'm hated To represent my temperment If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so) Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now) Everything that you collaborate I lacerate  My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate I blasterate, and have you all running master gates And as for face clutching and touching the flows I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance  Defiance, no we won't have that You want your shit to blow up? Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack  And blast that shit to kingdom come Then bring them some of this real hiphop  I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about And you all knew from Meeko That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno So stop that bullshit and flow Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me If you ever wanna be one see None of these skills you bout to see come free So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me If you ever wanna be one see So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 You don't know shit so when you see one flee You can be RunD, you'll never beat the MC I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory It's either them or me man, kill or be killed You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty If he's acting soft and he cowers He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers You flowers got no clout with a thing You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang I shout the slang, simple as A,B,C's Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their  fingers But you can bring yours let's see what you got But don't front and never try to be what you're not Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack  So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 None of these skills you just seen come free Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs So here's a toast to federal checks Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks I grapple an axe for them baffling acts The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit The tall shit that will end up with his skull split Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back  Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two Smoke a little bit and follow one of you  Back home when the party ends So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints To the finest women in the audience Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous Living as scandalous as a television evangelist But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters I think a living never meant for me Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally When I stumbled upon this resolution By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution You couldn't see me with binoculars I armed like an octopus Step on stage and you get socked and pushed Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it Every minute so when I win it you never resent it I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented You got the point when I cleverly said it Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Eminem is heading skyward For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece  of plywood I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me With the agility to escape a killer bee colony So get your cameras and capture how miraculous  I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this I'm hazardous enough already as it is Without you adding fuel to the fire I'm cruel to the liar Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire Clinical studies show that I'm cynical There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow I'm sure the party people can agree That I'm enchanting, with the romantic Freaking the vocals so frantically So throw your hands up in the atmosphere And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics) Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright Cause we came here to do this tonight We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight Cause we came here to do this tonight Maxine!! (Phone Rings) I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean Plus she got a sugar daddy Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation When you step away son, she got her face done Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!) Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this  Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that When you got niggas hiding in your closet I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me So I stepped on it and then asked my homies And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas  Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said Hey Bitch.. Haven't I seen you before?, looked at my nigga Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands And said Oh it's like that? She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number She asked could I give her mine two Got to the crib and called her up We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck I said Maxine check this out,  Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out Got to the crib she let me in She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom I said Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things What the fuck are you doing? So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing As she went for my midsection I threw her down as I tore off her shirt Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work Before I hit it she said 3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass I said What is it, another nigga? It's ok She said No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS I got up out I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit. so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,  I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man Ya'll been here every weekend man,  I don't ever get a chance to rap first man! That's cause you whack! What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,  you can bust yours after me if you want to No no man, I'm going first,  I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man You always rap first,  I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,  I'm fresh, I'm fresh Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband A stomped your man so unless you want what he got You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask It's an amazing task to battle with success I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra So feel the force of my spiritual images Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages My skin itches every time a rapper recites And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites You wanna see fights I got a match for you You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see How much in fear when u hear me you'll be Shiver and shake, quiver and quake Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake I'll twist you into a different shape And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake Every dis you can take, personal We ain't friends trying to make amends If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic So pass it like a hot potato I've never been less than clever and fresh Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out man I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow? Point him out bitch I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Point him out!! I wanna know Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? (scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know Ayo let me get that mic manÃ Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow? Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!! Hey what up man? What up dog? Ya heard? Chillen, cold as hell Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he? No, hey look, you got fifteen cent? Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store? Nah, look.. You should just, how much you got there? I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean.. Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man You gotta make some moves or something I know look, I'm trying to get rich, I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car, you know what I'm saying? I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something, you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks My objects were never to swab decks It's up to you the decision is yours If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man? Cause that's it Yeah A million dollars ain't even that far away man Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life Yeah I hear what your saying, look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying? I can't live like this for the rest of my life man, bumming rides everywhere I go Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'? Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this Financial interest is the matter at hand I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand I grab what I can and do what I must Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time My crews true and divine, we never fronted We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives It's all about a man planning what his future is What he can do for his to be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh, cause you can be king You can rule the world, you can do anything It's on you baby, cause you can be a star No matter wherever you are, you're never too far From revenue huh That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player, I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king, making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying? Yeah Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know You only live once Ain't no one special, special like you <i>[4X]<i> I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby <i>[4X]<i> I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing It's even tougher when sleeping But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening You got my knees buckling and weakening Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in And interrupt when I'm speaking I got some game that I'm preparing to run The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a  touch  I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good The seed is passing in dust I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby) Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed This is easily said, so you can lead or be led If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby <i>[4X]<i> Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo Let's set a day up so you can fall on through We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear You look impeccable, nothing compares I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby <i>[8X]<i> Attention all units, attention all units We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's He could be coming at your girlfriend next There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! We got the walkietalkies to keep us all informed Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors Locking down every block and put up metal detectors Protectors and be sure that you stand close Watch each others backs and guard your command post And most of all be advised that he's wise He could be disguised as one of your very own guys I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I'm on a solo mission to find him personally To settle the score and beat then him mercifully For what he first did to me It's sure to be the last Following footprints with a magnifying glass To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spiderwebs Inside the depths of his basement I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place went! I saw my life flash in front of my eyes I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned They're only powerful when you got your back turned I yearned for the day that we finally met again So I can give him a taste of his own medicine He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home Beating him over the head with the telephone Attention all cars, attention all cars Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat He's going back to the crazy home, how about that? I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Stay away from him he ain't no good! I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber Why I oughtta Jealous! <i>[8X]<i> Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying? He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying? Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!! He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick I mean, What do I got to be jealous for? He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time He has no career move, I mean... I come home every single day from working double shifts And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me It must be only just because you never learned to trust me Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me I used to love your company now you always bugging me  For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me So I'ma wait for your evacuation Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure I recommend you take your things and check them in Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What? Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy <i>[8X]<i> Fuck you and what you going through Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense Until the day I started following your feetprints And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents It made complete sense, there's someone else you like  So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike? And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga**  Someone rich that I could follow And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted I fell apart when you departed then the joking started I was an open target, you play comedian And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again And so we meet again, your acting like an exwife All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife He goes, You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down You run me down and now your trying to apologize For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it... Eminem No Eminem Nooo Wake the fuck up motherfucker What do you want from me?? Remember me I killed you! Thought I was dead, didn't you WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?! I'm alive! Oh god! Get up No Get up and look in the mirror! I don't want to Look in the mirror to see your reflection LEAVE ME ALONE!! LOOK IN THE MIRROR!, YOU'RE NOTHING, YOU'RE NOTHING WITHOUT ME! LOOK IN THE MOTHERFUCKING MIRROR!!! NOOOOO!! <i>[Glass Shatters]<i> EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted Doctor slapped my momma, Bitch you got a sick kid Arrested, molested myself and got convicted Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo Murder Murder Redrum Brain size of a bread crumb Which drug will I end up dead from Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related? Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.. I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it I'ma let your grandpa hit it Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage Losing all of my leverage Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich Walking biohazard causing wreckage Smoked out like Eckridge Band just making my neck itch What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips Slap hips, support domestic violence Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking? If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England I'm out the game, put the second string in This Brandy got my swinging Bobbing back and forth like a penguin Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English Make your mama be like Ohh! This is good! Who sing this? Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit. It was predicted by a medic I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic Living off liquid Triametic Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue I think I'm dying, God is that you? Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP Take me to ER ASAP for and IV Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac It's politics, it's all a fix Setup by these white blue collared hicks Just to make a dollar off of black music With a subliminal ball of tricks But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Life by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle Put in front of your optical to slow you down And every time you think you've gotten past it It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they're really your enemies, with secret identities And disguises, to hide their true colors So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin' What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny Money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around Swearing that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committing so many sins Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never having any ends Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and minithins I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins Tired of not having a deal Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel Tired of drowning in my sorrow Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk I'm tired of using plastic silverware Tired of workin' at Builder's Square Tired of not being a millionaire But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick Without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out Robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store I'm tired of not having a phone Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on Tired of not driving a BM Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum Tired of not being on tour Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work In the back of a Contour I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns Tired of being stared at I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me Saying they wasn't feeling me on Nobody's As Ill As Me I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs Tired of JLB saying Where HipHop Lives But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick Without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out Robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss You know what I'm saying? I'm tired of all of this bullshit Telling me to be positive How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? Know what I'm sayin'? I rap about shit around me, shit I see Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything Tired of all this playerhating that's going on in my own city Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin' But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'? Just fed up EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Whoa! A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em And like, back and forth because ah This is what you thought it wasn't It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen I be the FRO the double G <i>[coughing in background]<i> And check out the man he goes by the name of er... Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) I have a disease and they don't know what to call it Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson The Proof is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman So when you see me on your block with two glocks Screaming Fuck the World like Tupac I just don't give a fuck! Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin Telling your boys that I'm on crack I just don't give a fuck! So put my tape back on the rack Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack I just don't give a fuck! But see me on the street and duck 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed 'Cause I just don't give a fuck! I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Byebye!) Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict Half animal, half man Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can With more holes than an Afghan Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in Shit, fuck everything... Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee. EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Just the two of us.. <i>[8X]<i> Baby your dada loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you C'mon HaiHai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) dada musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin  it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help dada build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little booboo on her throat It's just a little scratch  it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And dada's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on timeout Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna baba?  Take a nightnight? Nanaboo, googoo gaga? Her make googoo caca? Dada change your diadee Clean the baby up so her can take a nightynighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninetyseven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (mamaa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Dada made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wata No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more stepdada, no more new brother Blow her kisses byebye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> And when we ride! Just the two of us.. <i>[2X]<i> Just you and I! Just the two of us.. <i>[4X]<i> Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your dada will always be there for you Your dada's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Dada will be right there Your dada loves you EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha No one's iller than me (wha?) No one, no one is iller than me No one is iller than me It's Mr. Swifty from the 313... I make rappers wanna turn into singers I keep hoes lickin' they fingers Bring this competition and face this meanin'  Got your whole crew doing subpeonas Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters Keep it close, you can't beat us While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this I done made quadrapalegics outta these nonrappin rejects While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate I'm like TwoFace, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW! It's Swifty from the 313 Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh! Me and Eminem and Mike Drivin' down Van Dyke Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin' Last week this old man I had to blast Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good! Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route  Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell EVERYBODY GET OUT! My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2piece Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10year old niece No one, no one's iller than me It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs Whippin' 40bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs Down a fifth, crack open a six I'm on my seventh 8ball, now I gotta take a piss I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends Who gives a fuck who they was I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz? We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz Mics get sandblasted Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic Furious four motherfuckers Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me I run shit like an ass with legs Massive lead to leave your cabbage red Similar to your ass in a casket dead Drastic spread of acid heads Come to abort you like a bastard egg That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs Ask the feds from past the edge Rockin' the most classic threads Flashin' bread, roll down the window Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red You can get 'til that ass get red Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem Never writer's block, I block writers My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK! And got drop kicked, now she screamin' Stop it... Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick Sick aya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits I shoot a rocket through your optic You niggaz still don't know the top pick? I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass And have you shittin' socks bitch! We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits (No one...) Ain't nobody iller than me It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Eminem and Swift from the 313 No one, no one is iller than me It's Fuzz and Buzzarre from the 313 You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees! From the home of potholes and trash EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) All I see is murder murder, my mind state  <i>[2Pac]<i> Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate  <i>[Swift]<i> All I see is murder murder, my mind state Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill! Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands But shit is in my hands, here's your life span For what your life's worth this money is twice than Grab a couple grand and live a nice land See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin' Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin' Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin' I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan Maybe I need my head inside straightened Brain contemplatin', clean out the register Dip before somebody catches ya Or gets ya description an' sketches ya The connection was the prime suspect But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet Cuz I got a daughter to feed And $200 ain't enough to water the seed The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King And have the lady at the desk bring Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack This bitch tried escapin' the jack Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote You barely heard a word as she choked It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke Just then the pigs bust in yellin' Freeze! But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees I bust shots, they bust back Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out Pulled the Mac10 out, stuck it in her face Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp Drug her by her hair, smacked her up Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up Stole her car, made a profit Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window Like the girl on Set It Off did Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool Climbed out and collapsed on the patio I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though Parents screamin' Son, go in and call the police Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace! Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 When they sell out in stores the price triples I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles And colliding with an 80year old lady with groceries There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties Stood up and started to see stars Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars Barely escaped, musta been some dumb luck Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck But I think somebody seen me maybe Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits Came out with a white flag hollerin' TRUCE TRUCE! Surrendered my weapon to cops Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady (Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uhhuh) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh) And Dr. Dre said, Slim Shady, you a basehead (Uhuh) Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else 'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast Come here, slut Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh) Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirtyfive I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, Let's just be friends Ninetynine percent of my life, I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn) I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Ahh, ahh, ahh) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it, Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that) I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup) Am I coming or going? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here) When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits I lay awake and strap myself in the bed With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang) 'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr) And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? Meet Eddie, twentythreeyearsold Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store (I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes) But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart And suddenly, his conscience comes into play (Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this) Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door Of this liquor store And try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience That's nonsense! Go in, gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay You'll be safe for days If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch! Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude) (It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute) (Mmm, I don't know!) (Look baby) (Damn!) (Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?) (Well OK.) Meet Stan, twentyoneyearsold (Give me a kiss!) After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom Once again, his conscience comes into play (Shit!) Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek And smearing her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe (Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh huh!) Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare 'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?) No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest! (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail Here I lay (Damn it feels good to be home) Meet Grady, a twentynineyearold construction worker After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man (What the fuck?!) (Grady!) Alright calm down, relax, start breathing Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin' While you at work she's with some dude trying to get off?! Fuck slitting her throat, cut this bitch's head off! Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit? (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!) Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her? Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?! (What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? (I'mma kill you motherfucker!) Uhha! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went Been there, done that. Aw fuck it These are the results of a thousand electric volts A neck with bolts, Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse! A kid who refused to respect adults Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me And I might snap, one day just like that I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack (Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said, It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die I looked at my watch it was one twenty I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!? He said, Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse... My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first Something told me, Try to fake a stomach ache it works I screamed, Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst! Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse! And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework. Brain damage, ever since the day I was born Drugs is what they used to say I was on They say I never knew which way I was goin But everywhere I go they keep playin my song Brain damage.. Way before my baby daughter Hailey I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin And had me in the position to beat me into submission He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose, Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat I tried to plead and tell him, We shouldn't beef But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe He looked at me and said, You gonna die honkey! The principal walked in (What's going on in here?) and started helpin him stomp me I made them think they beat me to death Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools This is for every time you took my orange juice, or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk. Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt. I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good. I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot.. .. Made it home, later that same day Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed My mother started screamin, What are you on, drugs?!? Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug! (Sorry!) She beat me over the head with the remote control opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull I picked it up and screamed, Look bitch, what have you done?!? Took it and stuck it back up in my head then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck Brain damage.. It's brain damage.. I got brain damage.. It's brain damage.. It's probably brain damage.. It's brain damage.. Brain damage.. Life by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle Put in front of your optical to slow you down And every time you think you've gotten past it It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they're really your enemies, with secret identities And disguises, to hide their true colors So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin' What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny Money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around Swearing that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committing so many sins Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never having any ends Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and minithins I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins Tired of not having a deal Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel Tired of drowning in my sorrow Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk I'm tired of using plastic silverware Tired of workin' at Builder's Square Tired of not being a millionaire But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick Without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out Robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store I'm tired of not having a phone Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on Tired of not driving a BM Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum Tired of not being on tour Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work In the back of a Contour I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns Tired of being stared at I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me Saying they wasn't feeling me on Nobody's As Ill As Me I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs Tired of JLB saying Where HipHop Lives But if I had a million dollars I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick Without a condom on, while I'm on the john If I had a million bucks It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out Robbing armored trucks If I had one wish I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss You know what I'm saying? I'm tired of all of this bullshit Telling me to be positive How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? Know what I'm sayin'? I rap about shit around me, shit I see Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything Tired of all this playerhating that's going on in my own city Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin' But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'? Just fed up EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) Just the two of us..  Baby your dada loves you (hey) And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you C'mon HaiHai, we goin to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk Oh that smell (whew!) dada musta runned over a skunk Now I know what you're thinkin  it's kind of late to go swimmin But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!) And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful? Don't you wanna help dada build a sand castle? (yeah!) And mama said she wants to show how far she can float And don't worry about that little booboo on her throat It's just a little scratch  it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell A place called prison and a place called jail And dada's probably on his way to all of em except one Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah) Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad But I still feel sad that I put her on timeout Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!) I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna baba?  Take a nightnight? Nanaboo, googoo gaga? Her make googoo caca? Dada change your diadee Clean the baby up so her can take a nightynighty Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water Ninetyseven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (mamaa!) That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry Dada made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!) We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock Ready now, here we go, on the count of free.. One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh) There goes mama, spwashin in the wata No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order No more stepdada, no more new brother Blow her kisses byebye, tell mama you love her (mommy!) Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! Just the two of us..  And when we ride! Just the two of us..  Just you and I! Just the two of us..  Just me and you baby is all we need in this world Just me and you Your dada will always be there for you Your dada's always gonna love you Remember that If you ever need me I will always be here for you If you ever need anything, just ASK Dada will be right there Your dada loves you Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself You can try this at home You can be just like me Mic check one two, we recording? I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus I strangle you to death then I choke you again And break your fucking legs 'Til your bones poke through your skin You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally I get too blunted off of funny home grown, cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!) So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!) My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!) Every girl I ever went out with has gone les Follow me and do exactly what the song says Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? Now follow me and do exactly what you see Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D. Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer My rap style's warped I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits A premature birth that was four minutes late Mother, are you there? I love you I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain? I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it I came to the club drunk with a fake ID Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? I've been with 10 women who got HIV Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? I got genital warts and it burns when I pee Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave And met a new wave blonde babe With half of her head shaved A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up With first aid tape and raped on the first date Susan an exheroin addict who just stopped using Who love booze and alternative music. What's up Told me she was going back into using again I said wait first try this hallucinogen It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin Come here let's go in here Who's in the den? (It's me and Kelly) My bad, sorry! Let's try another room I don't trust you Shut up slut chew up this mushroom This'll help you get in touch with your roots We'll get barefoot buttnaked and run in the woods Oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag. Oh dang I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag! (huh) I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault I'm sorry! I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault Yo Sue! Get away from me, I don't know you Oh shoot, she's tripping I need to go puke! (Bleahh!) I wasn't trying to turn this into something major I just wanted to make you appreciate nature Susan stop crying I don't hate ya The world's not against you I'm sorry your father raped ya So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth That ain't no reason to start wigging and spaz out She said Help me I think I'm having a seizure! I said I'm high too, bitch. Quit grabbing my Tshirt (let go!) Would you calm down you're starting to scare me She said I'm twentysix years old and I'm not married I don't even have any kids and I can't cook Hello I'm over here Sue, hi, you're talking to the plant, look! We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate I never meant to give you mushrooms girl Whoops! I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault It's an accident! I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault Susan (wait!) Where you going? You better be careful Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do something dumb I'll be right back just chill baby please? I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these (I'mma kill him!) John, where's Dave at before I bash you? He's in the bathroom I think he's taking a crap dude! Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance There's a girl upstairs talking to plants Chopping her hair off And there's only two days left of Spring Break How long do these things take to wear off? Well it depends on how many you had? I took three she ate the other twentytwo caps Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs Drinking Lysol She's gonna die dude. I know and it's my fault! My god! I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world I'm sorry! But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault What do I do? I never meant to give you mushrooms girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you sitting in the corner crying And now it's my fault my fault My God, I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up! Please! Please wake up! What are you doing?! You're not dead! You're not dead! I know you're not dead! Wake up Susan wake up Hmmhmmhmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit Yo, mic check Testing one, two, um... twelve (whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz) This is my dance song (Outsidaz) Can you hear me? (Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee) Aight, ay turn my headphones up (bust it bust it) My favoite color is red, like the blood shed from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead Women all grabbin at my shishkabob Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve (I can't stand white people!) You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*} I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show (Yo can you sign this right here?) I just remembered that I'm absent minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it I'm freestylin every verse that I spit cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two) I told the doc I need a change in sickness and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis Put my LP on your Christmas gift list You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this Cum on everybody  get down tonight <i>[8X]<i> Yo.. yo yo yo yo I tried suicide once and I'll try it again That's why I write songs where I die at the end Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, I suck (I SUCK!!!) I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd and yell out loud, All y'all get the hell out now Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry (But Eminem this is your record release party!) I'm bored out of my gourd  so I took a hammer  and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all) One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit Cum on everybody  get down tonight <i>[8X]<i> Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*} So I told em I was Mike D They was like, Gee I don't know, he might be! I told em, Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!) Then I jetted to the weed house Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*} Made a couple of crank calls collect <i>[*brrrrrrring, click*]<i> Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept? I wanna make songs all the fellas dub And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of So just remember when I bomb your set Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset Ayo! This song is dedicated to all the happy people All the happy people who have real nice lives And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net I'm popping percocets, I'm a nervous wreck I deserve respect but I work a sweat for this worthless check 'Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged Full of venom and rage Especially when I'm engaged And my daughter's down to her last diaper That's got my ass hyper I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders These overnight stars becoming autograph signers We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us Along with the small fry's and average half pinters While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas 'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless While snakes slither in the grass spineless That's Rock Bottom When this life makes you're mad enough to kill That's Rock Bottom When you want something bad enough to steal That's Rock Bottom When you feel like you've had it up to here 'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear My life is full of empty promises And broken dreams I'm hoping things will look up But there ain't no job openings I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play 'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan When all you need is bucks to be the man Plus a luxury sedan Too comfortable and roomy in a six But they threw me in the mix With all these gloomy lunatics Who walk around depressed And smoke a pound of ses a day And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play Live half my life and throw the rest away There's people that love me and people that hate me (yup) But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain 'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em (I'm done) I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em And the rings you're wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em And while you flaunt 'em I could be taking them to shops to pawn them I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em? 'Cause I never went gold off one song I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn Whoa! A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em And like, back and forth because ah This is what you thought it wasn't It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen I be the FRO the double G <i>[coughing in background]<i> And check out the man he goes by the name of er... Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall) I have a disease and they don't know what to call it Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson The Proof is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman So when you see me on your block with two glocks Screaming Fuck the World like Tupac I just don't give a fuck! Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin Telling your boys that I'm on crack I just don't give a fuck! So put my tape back on the rack Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack I just don't give a fuck! But see me on the street and duck 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed 'Cause I just don't give a fuck! I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Byebye!) Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict Half animal, half man Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can With more holes than an Afghan Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!) I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in Shit, fuck everything... Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee. EP <b>Slim Shady EP<b> (1998) I don't know why this world keep turning Round and Round But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now Yes man As the World Turns We all experience things in life Trials and Tribulations That we all must go through When someone wants to test us When someone tries our patience I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jackolanterns Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source They never should've booted me out of reform school Deformed fool,taking a shit in a warm pool They threw me out the Ramada Inn I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!) It all started when my mother took my bike away Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers Slappin teachers, and jacking off in front of my counselors Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessing And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead, He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?) Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig I felt the evilness and started transforming (RARRRR!) It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming Grabbed that bitch by her hair Drag her across the ground And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop As the World Turns These are the days of our lives These are the things that we must go through Day by day We drive around in million dollar sports cars While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards Outsiders, and we suing the courts Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source Hypochondriac, hanging out at the laundromat Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at Dressed like a sailor, standing by a pale of garbage Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch I met a slut and said What up, its nice to meet ya I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt But I ain't got no weed, no phillies, or no papers Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist So gimme all your money And don't try nothing funny Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me I went to grab my gun That's when her ass put it on me Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry I fell through the glass doors Started causing a scene Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine Jumped up with a broken back Thank god I was smocking crack all day And doped up off coke and smack All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse Now I wanna kill her But so I gotta catch her first Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut Saw the house she ran up in And shot her fucking porch up Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut Looked around the room That's when I seen the bedroom door shut I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked! You might as well come out now She said Come in, its unlocked! I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn She said Come her big boy, lets get acquainted I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it She came at me at full speed, nothing could stop her I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her I started to beg No, please let go But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick! Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage I shouted Now bitch, lets see who gets the best! Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ah!! Ah!) Come here bitch! Come here! Take this motherfucking dick! Bitch, come here! And as we go along Throughout the days of our lives We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday That we must go through These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere Every day Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?) Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!) Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, Fuck the world! (I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot And shoot me twentyfive times in the same spot (Ow!) I think I got a generation brainwashed to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhhoh) Stop they blood flow until they veins clot I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch Purple haze and acid raindrops Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp) Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uhhuh huh) I like birds, bees, I like people I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe) like when my teacher sucked my weewee in preschool (Woo!) The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like cause this is how I am in real life (mmhmm) I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uhhuh) How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?) So bring the money by tonight  cause your wife  said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!) I try to keep it positive and play it cool Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!) Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it  (Aww that shit is wack!) Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit  (What?? That's my shit!) People don't buy shit no more they just dub it That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh) But they love it when you make your business public so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uhhuh) And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it  Well, I do take pills, don't do speed Don't do crack (uhuhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uhhuh) Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup) I just wanna make a few things clear My baby mama's not dead (uhuhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup) And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin (I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! (Ha hahha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!! (Ha hahha, hahha! Ha hah, hahha, hahha, hahha) Y'all didn't wanna believe me! I'm Shady!! I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts You know, there's a story behind that there saloon Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em Quickest damn gunslingers I've ever seen Got murdered in coldblood That old saloon there was their little home away from home They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern And on a quiet night You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9 I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead Told him each one of his boys is dead I asked him to come to the dark side He made a choice and said... Who hard? Yo I done heard worse We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other To see which one'll swerve first Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds That of a globe on top of nine other planets Kissed the cheek of the Devil Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto Dismissal, I'm not a fair man Disgraced the race of an atheist Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot One track sliced without swords I buried the Christ corpse In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse And stay overworked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither) We ain't eager to be legal So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle I breathe ether in three lethal amounts While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off Cause I can't find a decent vein The disaster with dreads I'm bad enough to commit suicide And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter Cause I serve any stranger with money I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains While slipping bullets at pointblank range like they was punches Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrowraising to me From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you) STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!! I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel (We'll be waiting) See you in hell Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9, Slim Shady See you in hell for the sequel (byebye) Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time) And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil Two of the most wanted individuals in the county Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like lawabiding citizens It's too bad they had to go out the way they did Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon But their spirits still live on till this day Shhh...<i>[spits]<i> wait, did y'all hear that? A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death.. Hell yeah I'm afraid of death I don't want to die yet A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil.. that I do all types of.. retarded shit Look, I can't change the way I think And I can't change the way I am But if I offended you? Good Cause I still don't give a fuck I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint A lyricist without a clue, what year is this? Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this Livin amuk, never givin a fuck Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck But I smoke dope in a cab I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab Come back the next week and reopen your scab (YEAH!) A killer instinct runs in the blood Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud I've calmed down now  I was heavy once into drugs I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn The rest of my body's still bein operated on I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time For all the weed that I've smoked  yo this blunt's for you To all the people I've offended  yeah fuck you too! To all the friends I used to have  yo I miss my past But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS For all the drugs that I've done  yo I'm still gon' do To all the people I've offended  yeah fuck you too! For everytime I reminisce  yo I miss my past But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles And pull you apart from both angles I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins And bust open like broken water mains So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb  Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady ironon And the pants to match (Here momma try em on) I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives, a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives (Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again  I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!) Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt? I can't rap anymore  I just murdered the alphabet Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches I don't rap to get the women  fuck bitches  Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes Never ran with a click  I'm a posse Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me From the second I was born, my momma lost me  I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place  My worst day on this earth was my first birthday Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage? Fuck, I was born during the earthquake Yo.. yo! <i>[Eminem hachs up spit]<i> Mic check...(My dick!) Testing...one, two <i>[Eminem hach up spit on mic]<i> Fffffuck...(My dick!) my nuts.. My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!) You see me standin outside of your buildin screamin, Puffy is good, (Hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children! (Wait!) I look at my life in a new light  fuck it Give me two mics I write songs for me  fuck what you like You're probably hear me rap halfhearted cause I don't like rap anyway I'm just tryin to get my porno career started Every place and event.. (been there, done that) Shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters Lesson one Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers Lesson two Face em and diss em (Whattup dog?) Don't give 'em a demo kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me) And make em come to your basement and listen (you're gonna fuckin check this out) Lesson three Get a job at a label switch demos with canibus And put yours on the owner's table (Here listen!) Lesson four Know you heard this before Hey let me get your number I'll call you tomorrow, for sure! Don't act like a fan  you wanna get signed?  Get the whitest A&ampR you can find Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can Lesson five Get a hookup at jive Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live And that's the key, but when you see me on the street I ain't Givin you shit bitch  don't even bother askin me (Get away from me!) Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p (Unnnggggh!) Got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth My balls broke both of her collarbones (Oww!) Told mya this shit was all about meah (it's all about me..) Gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea (You're a dick!) And all three of my main girls said seeya Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah (What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh White trash  fuckin your wife in the ass (Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!) While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass So if I hurt your selfesteem And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad! You know I just be sayin that to get you mad He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad! (Nurse! nurse!) You know I just be sayin that to get you mad What a wonderful day I should go outside and play Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade In your driveway (What?) and drive away <i>[car peels out]<i> Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (Mooooo!) Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with (agent orange) And wiped my ass with his page in source (Here!) The demon is here, steamin this year I rip (mystikal's) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ahhhhhh!) It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' Lay your nuts on the dresser Just your nutsack by itself And bang them shits with a spiked bat Cut your neck off and sew your head right back And leave you like that You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than christopher Reeves, I was teething with strep throat While your mother was breastfeeding And gave her the flesheating disease I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees And walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans (am I a blood or a crip?) wakin up the next day in breathin machines Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes On how you just got smoked, and if you do live You'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (UhHuh) That's right, Slim shady (Yup) sway &amp tech Sprayin' wreck (Bitch!) And we don't give a heck (UhUh) Or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit When I was just a little baby boy, My momma used to tell me these crazy things She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, She used to tell me he hated me But then I got a little bit older And I realized, she was the crazy one But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it 'Cause that's just the way she was They said I can't rap about being broke no more They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?! These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma? Oh, now he's raping his own mother, Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover? You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn! Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on Blood, guts, guns, cuts Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me Girls neither you ain't nothing but a slut to me Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you Bitch I'mma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up! I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em I ain't acid rap, but I rap on acid Got a new blowup doll and just had a strapon added Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No! Just criminal intent to sodomize women again Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse To do it again, then, if he does it again You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub But that's normal ain't it Norman? Serial killer hiding murder material In a cereal box on top of your stereo Here we go again, we're out of our medicine Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me Girls neither you ain't nothing but a slut to me Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you Ehheh, know why I say these things? 'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece! Twice? Whatever, I hate these things Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink? Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer From fat bitch to all seventythousand pounds of her From principal to the student body and counselor From inschool to before school to out of school I don't even believe in breathing I'm leaving air in your lungs Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it OK, I'm ready to go play I got the machete from O.J. I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache You faggots keep egging me on 'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop? Shut up! Give me your hands and feet I said shut up when I'm talking to you You hear me? Answer me! Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me Girls neither you ain't nothing but a slut to me Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?) 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you.. I'm just playing, ladies My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or something Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad  I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you For four hours and you just said, No That's pretty shitty man  you're like his fucking idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to Remember when we met in Denver  you said if I'd write you You would write back  see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're saying in your songs So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 247 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan P.S. We should be together, too My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Mister I'mTooGoodToCallOrWriteMyFans, This'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins In the Air of the Night About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me See, Slim, shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk! Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk, But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you 'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out? My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that And here's an autograph for your brother I wrote it on the Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too? I say that shit's just clowning , dawg C'mon! How fucked up is you? You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some And what's this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other Or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy shit I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about it, his name was... it was you I never knew I.. I never knew I.. Mic check onetwo I never knew I.. Who woulda knew? I never knew I.. Who'da known? I never knew I.. Fuck would've thought I never knew I.. Motherfucker comes out I never knew I.. and sells a couple of million records I never knew I.. And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling I never knew I.. I don't do black music, I don't do white music I make fight music, for high school kids I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*} I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!) Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now? Oh  you want me to watch my mouth, how? Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around? Look  I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out (Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mixup You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked? Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear makeup Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace You shoulda been watchin him  apparently you ain't parents Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch I never knew I, knew I would get this big I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?) I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi I sees three little kids, up in the front row, screamin Go, with their 17yearold Uncle I'm like, Guidance  ain't they got the same moms and dads who got mad when I asked if they liked violence? And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear What about the makeup you allow your 12yearold daughter to wear? (Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse (Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!) And fuck was the first word I ever learned up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!) So read up, about how I used to get beat up peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?) Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike So how much easier would life be if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me? I never knew I.. knew I'd.. have a new house or a new car A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I? Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shoobydedoowop (what?) Skibbedybebop, aChristopher Reeves Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!) How many retards'll listen to me and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a teacher, her, him, is it you is it them? Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again! Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen? Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop I just said it  I ain't know if you'd do it or not Whatever... Dre, just let it run Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it Just shut up and listen, aiyyo... I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be The most meanest MC on this  on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve All this tension dispensing these sentences Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)... But at least have the decency in you To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)... I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a motherfucking thing I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)... No patience is in me and if you offend me I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you (of all you)... I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know, it's just the way I am Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered With all of this nonsense it's constant And, Oh, it's his lyrical content   the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses And all of this controversy circles me And it seems like the media immediately Points a finger at me (finger at me)... So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin Where were the parents at? And look where it's at Middle America, now it's a tragedy Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city Having this happening (this happening)... Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)... But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire To burn and it's burning and I have returned And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am I'm so sick and tired of being admired That I wish that I would just die or get fired And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables I'm not gonna be able to top on My Name is...  And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)... To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking The same fucking questions (fucking questions)... What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in The why, the who what when, the where, and the how 'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out 'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit And I'm thankful for every fan that I get But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom Without someone standing by it No, I won't sign your autograph You can call me an asshole I'm glad 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am May I have your attention please? May I have your attention please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're gonna have a problem here.. Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door And started whooping her ass worse than before They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!) It's the return of the... Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding, He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots! Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Haha!) Feminist women love Eminem Slim Shady, I'm sick of him Look at him, walking around grabbing his youknowwhat Flipping the youknowwho. Yeah, but he's so cute though! Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is Of course they gonna know what intercourse is By the time they hit fourth grade They got the Discovery Channel, don't they? We ain't nothing but mammals.. Well, some of us cannibals Who cut other people open like cantaloupes <i>[SLURP]<i> But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up, Please stand up, please stand up? Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird? Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here? So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, heehee! I should download her audio on MP3 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD <i>[AHHH!]<i> I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me So I have been sent here to destroy you <i>[bzzzt]<i> And there's a million of us just like me Who cuss like me who just don't give a fuck like me Who dress like me walk, talk and act like me It just might be the next best thing but not quite me! I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room The only difference is I got the balls to say it In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all I just get on the mic and spit it And whether you like to admit it <i>[*ERR*]<i> I just shit it Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums It's funny 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings Screaming I don't give a fuck! With his windows down and his system up So, will the real Shady please stand up? And put one of those fingers on each hand up? And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? Ha ha Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us Remember me? (Step in, execution) Remember me? (I have no remorse) Remember me? (I'm 'High Powered') Remember me? (I drop bombs like Hiroshima) For this one it's the X, you retarded? Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries Which qualifies me for the term universal Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see Cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch That got Banned From TV  heavyweight hitter Hit you watch your whole head split up Locoisthemotion, we comin through Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw Remember me? (Throw ya gunz in the air!) Remember me? (Slam! Slam!) Remember me? (Nigga 'Bacdafucup') Remember me? (ChkachkaOnyx!) Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no Yeah I been told no but it was more like, No, no, no!!! Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her Better come better than better to be a competitor This vet is ahead of The shit is all redder, you deader and deader A medic insteada the cheddars and credda Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shredof I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me My moms got raped by the industry and made me I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit My name should be Can'tBelieveThatNiggaSaidThatShit Probably sayin, He ain't a killer, but I'm killin myself Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters 'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters 'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*} Remember me? (I just don't give a fuck!) Remember me? (Yeah, fuck you too!) Remember me? (I'm low down and I'm shifty!) Remember me? (I'm Shady!) When I go out, I'ma go out shootin I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image So I promised the fuckin critics I wouldn't say fuckin for six minutes (*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom (Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?) Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen With M16's and ten clips each And them shits reach through six kids each And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets? FUCK THAT! PBBT! You faggots can vanish to volcanic ash And reappear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at (What the fuck you starin at, nigga?) Don't you remember me?! Remember me?!! Remember me??! That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back) I'm back (Slim Shady) I murder a rhyme, one word at a time You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf I used to get punked and bullied on my block 'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed Too upset, it's just too much mess I guess I must just blew up quick (yes) Grew up quick (no) was raised right Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right You think of my name now whenever you say hi Became a commodity because I'm WHI TE, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me Can't wait 'til Kim sees me! Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'? You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back) I'm back (Slim Shady) I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe I been crazy way before radio didn't play me The sensational <i>[vocal scratch Back is the incredible!]<i> With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed It's a sick world we live in these days Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs! Geez, you guys are so sensitive Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic Whose eyes get so squinted I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back) I'm back (Slim Shady) I take seven (kids) from (Columbine) Stand 'em all in line, add an AK47, a revolver, a 9 A MAC11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time 'Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy As the world was over this whole Y2K thing And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing? Am I the only one who realizes they stink? Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? It's why I tend to block out when I hear things 'Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH) So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina 'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz It'd be Jennifer Lopez  and Puffy, you know this I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck If this chick was my own mother I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her And have a son and a new brother at the same time And just say that it ain't mine  what's my name? That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back) I'm back (Slim Shady) Guess who's bback, back Guegueguess who's back (Hi mom!) D12 <i>[scratch]<i> Guess who's back Gue, gueguegue, guess who's back Dr. Dre <i>[scratch]<i> Guess who's back Back back <i>[scratch]<i> back Slim Shady, 2001 You know I just don't get it Last year I was nobody This year I'm selling records Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck out of here You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me) Nobody ever gave a fuck before, All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me) Now everybody wanna run their mouth And try to take shots at me (take shots at me) Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking (grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leaning out a window, with a cocked shotgun Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin Starting shit like some 26yearold skinny Cartman (God damnit!) I'm antiBackstreet and Ricky Martin Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars All I see is sissies in magazines smiling Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent? Whatever happened to catching a good oldfashioned Passionate asswhooping and getting your shoes coat and your hat tooken? New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick Boygirl groups make me sick And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public I'ma love it.. (hahaha) Vanilla Ice don't like me (uhuh) Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup) Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe) A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me And run around screaming, I don't care, just bite me (nah nah) I think I was put here to annoy the world And destroy your little 4yearold boy or girl Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer And call themselves Clowns 'cause they look queer Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks) And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow! Look at y'all running your mouth again When you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10 And I don't need help, from D12, to beat up two females In makeup, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails Slim Anus, you damn right, Slim Anus I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots! 'Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm not a wrestler guy, I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me) Come and see me on the streets alone If you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me) And if you wanna run your mouth Then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me) Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy Now because of this blonde mop that's on top Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? The underground just spunned around and did a 360 Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies Oh, he just did some shit with Missy, So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC GetBizzy My fuckin bitch mom's suing for ten million She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? It doesn't matter your <i>[attorney Fred Gibson's a]<i> faggot! Talking about I fabricated my past He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!) So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? For every million I make, another relative sues Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper All of a sudden I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!) A halfbrother and sister who never seen me Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV Now everybody's so happy and proud I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house Heyhey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand To buy this cheapass little magazine with a food stamp Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help Uh, here DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me) Nobody ever gave a fuck before, All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me) Now everybody wanna run their mouth And try to take shots at me (take shots at me) You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me) Nobody ever gave a fuck before, All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me) Now everybody wanna run their mouth Yeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit! Aight, guess what? I ain't coming in yet... I'll come in a minute Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark (fuckin' faggot) This is how we used to make the party start We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark And when it kicks in you can hardly talk And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall And everything's spinning You're beginnin' to think women Are swimming in pink linen again in the sink Then in a couple of minutes That bottle of Guinness is finished You are now allowed to officially slap bitches You have the right to remain violent and start wilin' Start a fight with the same guy that was smarteyein' you Get in your car, start it, and start drivin' Over the island and cause a 42car pileup Earth calling, pilot to copilot Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin' And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it Let me out of this place I'm outta place I'm in outer space I've just vanished without a trace I'm going to a pretty place Now where the flowers grow I'll be back in an hour or so 'Cause every time I go to try to leave Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve I don't wanna, but I gotta stay These drugs really got a hold of me 'Cause every time I try to tell them No They won't let me ever let them go I'm a sucker all I gotta say These drugs really got a hold of me In third grade, all I used to do Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's cube 17 years later I'm as rude as Jude Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs I've got no game And every face looks the same They've got no name So I don't need game to play I just say whatever I want to whoever I want Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want However I do show some respect to few This ecstasy's got me standing next to you Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you We just met but I think I'm in love with you But you're on it too So you tell me you love me too Wake up in the morning like Yo, what the fuck we do? I gotta go bitch You know I got stuff to do 'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you But in the long run These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later But fuck it, I'm on one So let's enjoy Let the X destroy your spinal cord So it's not a straight line no more 'Til we walk around looking like some windup dolls Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more So bye for now I'm going to try to find some more 'Cause every time I go to try to leave Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve I don't wanna, but I gotta stay These drugs really got a hold of me 'Cause every time I try to tell them No They won't let me ever let them go I'm a sucker all I gotta say These drugs really got a hold of me That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? And what's a little fight? Tomorrow you'll be boys again It's your life Live it however you wanna Marijuana is everywhere Where was you brought up? It don't matter as long as you get where you're going Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning But you're young You've got a lot of drugs to do Girls to screw Parties to crash Sucks to be you If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated Did better drugs and updated But I've still got a lot of growing up to do I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew But when it's all said and done I'll be 40 Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories With a bottle of Jack Two grandkids in my lap Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed 'Cause every time I go to try to leave Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve I don't wanna, but I gotta stay These drugs really got a hold of me 'Cause every time I try to tell them No They won't let me ever let them go I'm a sucker all I gotta say These drugs really got a hold of me 'Cause every time I go to try to leave Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve I don't wanna, but I gotta stay These drugs really got a hold of me 'Cause every time I try to tell them No They won't let me ever let them go I'm a sucker all I gotta say These drugs really got a hold of me Drugs really got a hold of me Really got a hold of me 'Cause drugs really got a hold of me (kill kill kill) Dahhdum, dahhdum.. dum Dahhdum, dahhdum, duhdadadada (kill kill kill) Dahhdum, dahhdum.. dum Dahhdum, dahhdum, dumm.. (kill kill kill) Mentally ill from Amityville (HE'LL) Accidentally kill your family still Thinkin he won't? Goddamnit he will (HE'SSSS) Mentally ill from Amityville I get lifted and spin til I'm halftwisted Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK) Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit Shrink pencil me in for my last visit Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh) Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack) Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years Mash with me you'll get in imagine this I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat (AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope? My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity (Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep Pissydrunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!) That's what I said at my dad's funeral That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still) That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed) That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville) You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled) Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still) This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!) We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot and when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too! That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here) Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?) While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??) Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?) Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions and that's when accidents happen, when a thousand bullets come at your house and collapse the foundation around and they found you and your family in it (AH!) GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Dum, tahhdum.. tadahda Yeah whattup Detroit? Nuuh, nuuh nuhno he didn't! Ahhh! They didn't do it again, whatwhat, whatwhat? Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre? Oh fo' sho'! Uhuh, naw, ya smell that? This is special right here Whatwhat, whatwhatwhat? Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby Uhh, to the boogieoogieoogie Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre? Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit) Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious (Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw IS niggaz from Crenshaw from Long Beach to South Central  These grownass ignorant men with hairtriggers again (Hehe) You and what army could harm me? DRE and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach (Eastsyde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way I got a long uz', and I carry it all day (Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre, but I.. somehow, someway  tell 'em, nigga You know about Doggay (Snoop Dogg) Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son Hitandrun, get it done, get the funds, split and run Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same  bang bang! Damn baby girl what's your name? I forgot  what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem (Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?) The Great White American Hope, done hooked up with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, baybayy! And you don't really wanna fuck, with me Only nigga that I trust, is me Fuck around and make me bust, this heat I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God All jokes aside, come bounce with us Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff Bitch, please  you must have a mental disease Assume the position and get back down on your knees  c'mon Awww naww, big Slim Dogg Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long Back up, in the, heezy BAYBAY He's Shaday! He's so crazay! Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White pickets outside the Interscope offices every night What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living off of the world's misery  what in the world gives me the right to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me I just want you all to notice me and people to see that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down? You happy now? Look here I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go) Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know) I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do') Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'fo' (a fo'fo') 2001 and forever Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg Aww look at daddy's baby girl That's daddy's baby Little sleepy head Yesterday I changed your diaper Wiped you and powdered you. How did you get so big? Can't believe it now you're two Baby, you're so precious Daddy's so proud of you Sit down, bitch If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you (Okay) Don't make me wake this baby She don't need to see what I'm about to do Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you? How could you Just leave me and love him out the blue? Oh, what's the matter Kim? Am I too loud for you? Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time At first, I'm like all right You wanna throw me out? That's fine! But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind? This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine! How could you let him sleep in our bed? Look at, Kim Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him! He ain't so hot now is he? Little punk! (Why are you doing this?) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk! You're never gonna get away with this!) You think I give a fuck! Come on we're going for a ride, bitch (No!) Sit up front (Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone. What if she wakes up?) We'll be right back Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you You really fucked me, Kim You really did a number on me Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me But we was kids then, Kim, I was only 18 That was years ago I thought we wiped the slate clean That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh, God, my brain is racing (I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!) There's a fouryearold boy lyin' dead with a slit throat In your living room, haha What you think I'm kiddin' you? You loved him, didn't you? (No!) Bullshit, you bitch, don't fucking lie to me What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? Fuck you, asshole, yeah, bite me Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you? (It's not that!) No, you think I'm ugly (Baby) Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me I hate you! I hate you! I swear to god, I hate you Oh, my god, I love you How the fuck could you do this to me? (Sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me? So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you Come on, get out (I can't, I'm scared) I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair. Please don't do this, baby Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave) Fuck you You did this to us You did it, it's your fault Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up Get a grip, Marshall Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party? And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes!) That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes!) See it all makes sense, doesn't it? You and your husband have a fight One of you tries to grab a knife And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!) And while this is goin' on His son just woke up and he just walks in She panics and he gets his throat cut (Oh, my God!) So now they both dead and you slash your own throat So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note I should have known better when you started to act weird We could've... Hey! Where you going? Get back here! You can't run from me, Kim It's just us, nobody else! You're only making this harder on yourself Ha! Ha! Got'cha! (Ah!) Ha! Go ahead, yell! Here I'll scream with you! Ah, somebody help! Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you? Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you You were supposed to love me Now bleed! Bitch, bleed! Bleed! Bitch, bleed! Bleed! So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Living in this world without you So long Bitch, you did me so wrong I don't wanna go on Translation So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick  ha ha! Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies I'm Clint Eastwood in his midtwenties A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls I light a candle and place it up on the mantle Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters Accused for every crime known through the equator They knew I did it (uhhuh) for havin blood on my 'gators My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an' I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face <i>[*BLAM*]<i> With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose You never hear me say, Forgive me I'm snatchin every penny  it gotta be that way nigga, face it That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it You hidin, I make the president get a facelift Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets Chillin in the lab wasted I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin  throw up on the mic Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire (Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer? Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor (Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. <i>[needle pops]<i> Lettin the record skip.. <i>[needle pops]<i> Lettin the record skip.. <i>[needle pops]<i> (Damn!) I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack Weed laced with somethin <i>[*gun cocks*]<i> nigga pass that In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAPped The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's Born loser, half theif and half black Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked and found chopped up in a trash bag We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you Get executed, cuz I'm a Luni I got a Yukmouth and it's polluted I cock it back then shoot it I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers Brigade barricade to bring the noise While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo A big Chinese nigga, screamin Kuniva yo yo.. I leave ya face leakin, run up in church  and smack the preacher while he's preachin Take a swing at the deacon I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb (Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's 'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick D12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands Bizarre kid Swifty McVeigh The Kon Artis The Kuniva Dirty Harry A lot of people ask me stupid fucking questions. A lot of people think that what I say on a record or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it. Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody that I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it. Well, shit, if you believe that then I'll kill you. You know why? 'Cause I'm a criminal Criminal You're goddamn right I'm a criminal Yeah, I'm a criminal My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge That'll stab you in the head Whether you're a fag or lez Or a homosex, hermaph or a transavest Pants or dress Hate fags? The answer's yes Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging That's my motherfucking balls, You'd better let go of 'em They belong in my scrotum, You'll never get hold of 'em Hey, it's me, Versace Whoops, somebody shot me! And I was just checking the mail. Get it? Checking the 'male'? How many records you expecting to sell After your second LP sends you directly to jail? C'mon! Relax guy, I like gay men Right, Ken? Give me an amen. Amen! Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus Heal this child, help us destroy these demons Oh, and please send me a brand new car And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher You can't reach me, my mom can't neither You can't teach me a goddamn thing 'Cause I watch TV, and Comcast cable And you ain't able to stop these thoughts You can't stop me from topping these charts And you can't stop me from dropping each March With a brand new CD for these fucking retards And to think, it's just little ol' me Mr. Don'tGiveAFuck still won't leave I'm a criminal 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, These people think it's a crime To tell 'em what's on my mind I guess I'm a criminal But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird And keep going, I don't take shit from no one My mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes, and speed The baby came out disfigured, ligaments indeed It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised? So as I got older and I got a lot taller My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger I drink more liquor To fuck you up quicker Than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word ... My morals went ... when the president got oral Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk Off of his own employee Now don't ignore me, You won't avoid me You can't miss me, I'm white, blondehaired And my nose is pointy I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die In plane crashes and laughs As long as it ain't happened to him Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined The Maniac's in in place of the doctor 'Cause Dre couldn't make it today He's a little under the weather, So I'm taking his place Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? I'm a criminal Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker Get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there Aight I'll be right here waiting on you Aight Yo Em What?! Don't kill nobody this time Awwright. Goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fucking nerves Aha? How you doin'? Hi, how can I help you? Yeah I need to make a withdrawal Okay Put the fucking money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you! What? Oh my God, don't kill me I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit looking around. Don't kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me, don't kill me I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you Hurry the fuck up! Thank you! Go, go, go! Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it So I'll be disguised in it And if anybody identifies the guy in it I'll hide for five minutes Come back, shoot the eyewitness Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass And if it's not a rapper that I make it as I'mma be a fucking rapist in a Jason mask I'm a criminal 'Cause every time I write a rhyme, These people think it's a crime To tell 'em what's on my mind I guess I'm a criminal But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird And everyone should get along.. Okay children quiet down, quiet down Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day His name is Mr. Shady Children quiet down please Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!) Mr. Shady will be your new substitute  while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!) Good luck Mr. Shady Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!) Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) Say hi Bob! (Hi Bob) Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot but his twelveyear old brother looks up to him an awful lot And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!) And even if they escaped and they got the cops the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a Dr. He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana,  and what it might do to you So see if the squirrels want any  it's bad for you  See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) So kids say no to drugs (that's right) So you don't act like everyone else does (uhhuh) Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?  FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?) Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back Meet Zach, twentyone years old  After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*}  His back starts tah  look like the McDonald's Arches He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*} And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him! cause they took it too, so they think it's funny So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack) So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right) And there's really nothin else to say (but umm) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? And last but not least, one of the most humungous problems among young people today, is fungus It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off,  bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em.. And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?) Like fat woman in Gstrings with orange hair (Mr. Shady what's a Gstring?) It's yarn Claire Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?) And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?) cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!) See drugs are bad, it's a common fact But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!) But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D. They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't,  cause I'm bad for you See children, drugs are bahhhd (uhhuh) and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down) and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask) She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will) So kids say no to drugs (say no) So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do) And there's really nothin else to say (that's right) Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay? Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!) Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!) Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!) So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!) so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!) (Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!) America, we love you How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect the women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States Government has sworn to uphold (Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) or so we're told... I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs. It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me. So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed, In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays. And straight through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days. Who would've thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair With some peroxide reaching for a Tshirt to wear, That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? How could I predict my words would have an impact like this? I must've struck a chord, with somebody up in the office, Cause Congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems, And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government, I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, And now I'm dumping it on White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, If they were brown, Shady lose, Shady sits on the shelf, But Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimples would help Make ladies swoon, baby ooh, baby! look at my sales, Let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that, But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back, Gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at, When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white, No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like Fuck it! until I met Dre, the only one to look past, Gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up Under his ass, Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got, Like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow, I'm like my skin is just starting to work to my benefit now, It's White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get See the problem is I speak to suburban kids Who otherwise would've never knew these words exist Whose moms probably would've never gave two squirts of piss, 'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence, Straight out the tube right into your living rooms I came, And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre, That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in, And they connected with me too because I looked like them, That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope, Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope Waitin' to choke Tightening around my throat, Watching me while I write this, Like I don't like this, Nope, All I hear is lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, Sponsors working 'round the clock to try to stop my concerts early Surely hiphop was never a problem In Harlem Only in Boston, After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom, So now I'm catchin' the flak From these activists when they raggin', Actin' like I'm the first rapper To smack a bitch, or say faggot, Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal, The posterchild, The motherfuckin' spokesman now for... White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, White America, I could be one of your kids, White America, little Eric looks just like this, White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get So to the parents of America, I am the Derringer aimed at little Erica To attack her character, The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of congress, And piss on the lawns of the White House, To burn the flag and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker To spit liquor In the faces of in this democracy of hypocrisy Fuck you, Ms. Cheney, Fuck you, Tipper Gore, Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have, Fuck you, Marshall! Sounds like an SOS Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right! To the Rapmobile let's go! (Marshall! Marshall!) Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime! Hurry hurry, step right up! Introducing the star of our show His name is (Marshall!) You wouldn't want to be Anywhere else in the world right now So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!) You 'bout to witness hiphop in its most purest Most rawest form, flow almost flawless Most hardest, most honest known artist Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back) Looks like Batman brought his own Robin Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden With his own private plane, his own pilot Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches Away from you, dear, fear none Hiphop is in a state of 911, so Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles Gee willikers Dre, Holy bat syllables! Look at all the bullshit that goes on In Gotham when I'm gone Time to get rid of these rap criminals So skip to your lou while I do what I do best You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it Flows too wet, nobody close to it Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit The most hated on out of all those who say They get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much They make it all up, there's no such thing Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans It just means so much more to so much more People when you're rappin' and you know what for The show must go on so I'd like to welcome y'all To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon! Now let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo Two old friends, why panic? You already know Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes Dial straight down the center, eightzerozero You can even call collect, the most feared duet Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat People steppin' over people just to rush to the set Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely Ease over these beats and be so breezy Jesus, how can shit be so easy? How can one Chandra be so Levy? Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me Believe me, BET and MTV Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me 'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here But we ain't fuckin' around round here Yo, Dre (What up?) Can I get a hell yeah? (Hell yeah!) Now let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down On these clowns can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) So there you have it, folks (Marshall!) has come to save the day Back with his friend Andre Here to remind you that bullshit does not pay Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay And never go away, until our dying day Until we're old and grey (Marshall!) So until next time, friends Same blonde hair, same rap channel Good night, everyone! Thank you for coming! Your host for the evening (Marshall!) Where's my snare? I have no snare in my headphones. There you go Yeah... yo, yo Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have I've been protested and demonstrated against Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out Look at me now I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama? I'mma make you look so ridiculous now I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet And I don't know if no one knows it So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it I'mma expose it I'll take you back to '73 Before I ever had a multiplatinumselling CD I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch 'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun 'Cause I'da killed him shit I would've shot Kim and him both It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing But put yourself in my position just try to envision Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing Going through public housing systems, victim of MÃnchausen's Syndrome My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma? So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma? But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony And Hailie's getting so big now you should see her, she's beautiful But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral! See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom! But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get You selfish bitch I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be! I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight People! It feels so good to be back Ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved you know who Never been the type to bend or budge The wrong button to push No friend of Bush I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese I'm a pitbull off his leash All this peace talk can cease All these people I had to leave in limbo I'm back now I've come to release this info I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple CanIBitch don't want no beef with Slim? No! Not even on my radar So won't you please jump off my dick Lay off and stay off And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance Awaawchaaw You all c'mon now Let's all get on down Let's dosido now We're gon' have a good old time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about Let your hair down And square dance with me! Let your hair down to the track Yeah kick on back Boo! The boogie monster of rap Yeah the man's back With a plan to ambush this Bush administration Mush the Senate's face and push this generation Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like This white hot light That I'm under No wonder I look so sunburnt Oh no I won't leave no stone unturned Oh no I won't leave Won't go nowhere Dosido Oh, yo, ho, hello there Oh yeah don't think I won't go there Go to Beirut and do a show there Yeah you laugh 'til your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted While you're at band camp thinkin' that crap can't happen Till you fuck around Get an anthrax napkin Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping Fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtraks crashing All this terror America demands action Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin' To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy You just a baby Gettin' recruited at eighteen You're on a plane now Eating their food and their baked beans I'm 28 They gonna take you 'fore they take me Crazy insane or insane crazy? When I say Hussein you say Shady My views ain't changed still Inhumane Wait Arraigned two days late The date's today Hang me! You all c'mon now Let's all get on down Let's dosido now We're gon' have a good old time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about Let your hair down And square dance with me! You all c'mon now Let's all get on down Let's dosido now We're gon' have a good old time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about Let your hair down And square dance with me! Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me Nothin' boosts me more Or suits me beautifully There's nothin' you can do to me Stab me Shoot me Psychotic Hypnotic, product I got the antibiotic Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada God I talk a lot of hemdelaylalala oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta Keep movin' There's more music to make Keep makin' new shit Produce hits to break the monotony What's gotten into me? Drugs, rock and Hennessy Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies On your knees Got you under siege Somebody you would give a lung to be hungry Like a fuckin' younger me Fuck the fee I can get you jumped for free Yeah buddy Laugh it's funny I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing I'm past bluffing Pass the KY Let's get ready for some intense serious ass fucking! You all c'mon now Let's all get on down Let's dosido now We're gon' have a good old time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about Let your hair down And square dance with me! You all c'mon now Let's all get on down Let's dosido now We're gon' have a good old time Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about Let your hair down And square dance with me! Dr. Dre. wants to square dance with me Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me X to the Z wants to square dance with me Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me CanIBitch won't square dance with me Fanabitch, won't square dance with me Canadabis, don't want no parts of me I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns Never was a gangster, 'til I graduated to one And got the rep of a villain For weapon concealin' Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin' Willin' to stick out my neck For respect If it meant life or death Never live to regret what I said When you're me People just want to see If it's true, if it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do So they feel it's part of your obligation to fulfill When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real In confrontation Ain't no conversation If you feel you're in violation Any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it If you conceal it, reveal it Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets Pull it, squeeze it, 'til it's empty Tempt me, push me, pussies I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never slip or stumble I'm a soldier These shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never stumble I love pissin' you off It gets me off Like my lawyers, when the fuckin' judge lets me off All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off I'm a lit fuse Anything I do bitch, it's news Pistolwhippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2 Who needs bullets as soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets An excellent method to get rid of the next bully It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin' You can hurt 'em And come back again and kick dirt at 'em It's like pourin' salt in the wounds Assault and get sued You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room Everybody halts and stops, and calls the cops All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot You'll all get shot whether it's your fault or not, 'cause I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never slip or stumble I'm a soldier These shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never stumble I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em I'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it Don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped in twoinch So tickytock listen as the sound ticks on the clock Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again Full of controversy Until I retire my jersey 'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, I'm a I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never slip or stumble I'm a soldier These shoulders hold up so much They won't budge I'll never fall or fold up I'm a soldier Even if my collar bones crush or crumble I will never stumble Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood {Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood {Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood I thought I had it all figured out, I did I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me The minute shit was heated she just bailed i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female I need to slow down Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm... Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look At nothin', this world's too much I've swallowed all I could If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good Just say goodbye to Hollywood I probably should, these problems are piling all at once Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up I think i'm bottomin' out But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up Thank God, I got a little girl And I'm a responsible father So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad Cause I hate him so bad The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man If you could understand why I am the way that I am What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm... I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it For me to have this much appeal like this is sick This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass I love my fans But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack This is more than I ever could of asked everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped If I could go back, I never woulda rapped I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back I just wanna leave this game with level head intact Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein', everything blow up and all you did was just grow up emceeing It's fuckin' crazy Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'... Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye}, please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good, {this shit is not for me}, so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {i'm not a fuckin' star}, please don't cry for me, when I'm gone for good, Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog... time... Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit... from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us... Obie Trice Real name no gimmicks Two trailerpark girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside Two trailerpark girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back I've created a monster 'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more They want Shady I'm chopped liver Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor Some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart Quicker than a shock When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor When I'm not cooperating When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!) You waited this long now stop debating 'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney But your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be Or let me be me so let me see They try to shut me down on MTV But it feels so empty without me So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits Fuck you, Debbie! Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me Little hellions kids feeling rebellious Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis They start feeling like prisoners, helpless 'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells bitch A visionary, vision is scary Could start a revolution Polluting the air waves a rebel So just let me revel and bask In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass And it's a disaster Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass You ask for me? Well I'm back Fix your bent antennae Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in And up under your skin like a splinter The center of attention back for the winter I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting Testing attention please Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me A tiskit a taskit I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards And Moby You can get stomped by Obie You 36 year old baldheaded fag blow me You don't know me You're too old Let go It's over, nobody listens to techno Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol But sometimes the shit just seems Everybody only wants to discuss me So this must mean I'm disgusting But it's just me I'm just obscene No, I'm not the first king of controversy I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley To do black music so selfishly And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey) There's a concept that works 20 million other white rappers emerge But no matter how many fish in the sea It'd be so empty without me Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me These ideas are nightmares to white parents Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing To see him walking around with his headphones blaring Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care He's a problem child What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about His fuckin' dad walkin' out 'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap He sags his pants, dorags and a stocking cap His stepfather hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go... (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum Holy or unholy, only have one homie Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you... (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away They say music can alter moods and talk to you Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail It's fucked up ain't it How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine Who post pinup pictures on their walls all day long Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it 'Cause we consider these minutes golden And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can... Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today You high, baby? Yeah Ya Talk to me You want me to tell you something? Uhhuh I know what you want to hear 'Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too I think I love you baby I think I love you too I'm here to save you girl Come be in Shady's world I wanna grow together Let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby You know I want you too They call me Superman I'm here to rescue you I wanna save you girl Come be in Shady's world Ooh boy you drive me crazy Bitch you make me hurl They call me Superman Leap tall hoes in a single bound I'm single now Got no ring on this finger now I'd never let another chick bring me down In a relationship Save it bitch, babysit You make me sick Superman ain't savin' shit Girl you can jump on Shady's dick Straight from the hip, cut to the chase I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face Play no games, say no names Ever since I broke up with what'sherface I'm a different man, kiss my ass Kiss my lips, bitch why ask? Kiss my dick, get my cash I'd rather have you whip my ass Don't put out, I'll put you out Won't get out, I'll push you out Puss blew out, poppin' shit Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out Am I too nice? Buy you ice Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life What you tryin' to be? My new wife? What you Mariah, fly through twice But I do know one thing though Bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday Monday through Sunday yo Maybe I'll love you one day Maybe we'll someday grow 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho 'Cause I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Your Superman, your Superman Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes It's no secret, everybody knows Yeah we fucked, bitch so what? That's about as far as your buddy goes We'll be friends, I'll call you again I'll chase you around every bar you attend Never know what kinda car I'll be in We'll see how much you'll be partying then You don't want that, neither do I I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys Too much pride between you and I Not a jealous man, but females lie But I guess that's just what sluts do How could it ever be just us two I'd never love you enough to trust you We just met and I just fucked you But I do know one thing though Bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday Monday through Sunday yo Maybe I'll love you one day Maybe we'll someday grow 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho 'Cause I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Your Superman, your Superman 'Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too I think I love you baby I think I love you too I'm here to save you girl Come be in Shady's world I wanna grow together Let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby You know I want you too They call me Superman I'm here to rescue you I wanna save you girl Come be in Shady's world Ooh boy you drive me crazy Bitch you make me hurl First thing you say I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day I don't see what the big deal is anyway You're just plain old Marshall to me Ooh ya' girl run that game Hailie Jade, I love that name Love that tattoo, what's that say? Rot in pieces, uh, that's great First off you don't know Marshall At all so don't grow partial That's ammo for my arsenal I'll slap you off that bar stool There goes another lawsuit Leave hand prints all across you Good Lordy whoadie You must be gone off that water bottle You want what you can't have Ooh girl that's too damn bad Don't touch what you can't grab End up with two backhands Put anthrax on a Tampax, and slap you 'til you can't stand Girl you just blew your chance Don't mean to ruin your plans But I do know one thing though Bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday Monday through Sunday yo Maybe I'll love you one day Maybe we'll someday grow 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho 'Cause I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Your Superman, your Superman 'Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too I think I love you baby I think I love you too I'm here to save you girl Come be in Shady's world I wanna grow together Let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby You know I want you too They call me Superman I'm here to rescue you I wanna save you girl Come be in Shady's world Ooh boy you drive me crazy Bitch you make me hurl 'Cause I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman Yo, I can't sing but I feel like singin' I wanna fuckin' sing 'Cause I'm happy Yeah, I'm happy Ha Ha I got my baby back Yo, check it out Some days I sit starin' out the window Watchin' this world pass me by Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for I almost break down and cry Sometimes I think I'm crazy I'm crazy, oh, so crazy Why am I here, am I just wasting my time? But then I see my baby Suddenly I'm not crazy It all makes sense when I look into her eyes Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders Everyone's leanin' on me 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over But then she comes back to me My baby girl <i>[Hailie laughs]<i> keeps gettin' older I watch her grow up with pride People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me They just don't see my real side I act like shit don't phase me, Inside it drives me crazy My insecurities could eat me alive But then I see my baby Suddenly I'm not crazy It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no. Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders Everyone's leanin' on me 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over But then she comes back to me Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't <i>[*want her* backwards]<i> Now you probably get this picture from my public persona That I'm a pistolpacking drugaddict who bags on his mama, But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul, And just know that I grow colder the older I grow This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold And this load is like the weight of the world And I think my neck is breaking. Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself, But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt So many chances, man, it's too bad, could've had someone else But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted So here's what I'm facin' 3 felonies, 6 years of probation I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman Man, I should've seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? Would've ripped the prenup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin' But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted It's like the greatest gift you can get The weight has been lifted And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders Everyone's leanin' on me 'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier Nothin' can take her from me Woo! I told you I can't sing Oh well, I tried Hailie, 'member when I said If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there? Guess what? Daddy's here And I ain't goin' nowhere baby Music, reality Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference But we as entertainers Have a responsibility to these kids... Psych! If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter? Could never be the leadoff batter If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm seesaw battlin' But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake There's too much on my plate I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away And not say what I got to say What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smoking crack? 'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back I'll get up 'fore I get down Run myself in the ground, 'fore I put some wack shit out I'm tryna smack this one out the park fivethousand mark Y'all steady tryna drown a shark Ain't gon' do nothing but piss me off Lid to the can of whipass, just twist me off See me leap out, pull a piece out Fuck shooting, I'm just tryna knock his teeth out Fuck with me now, bitch let's see you freestyle! Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hiphop With real life when the music stops Ain't no getting rid of McVay, if so, you would've tried The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide I have died clinically Arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessy Got drunk then I finished him I'm every nigga's favorite archenemy Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef I spark willingly, with a Dillinger in the dark, diligently I'm not what you think, I appear to be fucked up Mentally endangered I can't stay away from a razor I just want my face in a paper I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight To awake neighbours for acres I'll murder you I gauge and have me turn into a mad man Son of Sam bitch, I'm surgical I'm allergic to dying you think not? You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops I was happy having a deal at first Thought money would make me happy But it only made my pain worse It hurts when you see your friends Turn their back on you, dawg And you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends Begging with their hands out Checking for your record when it's selling When it ain't, that's the end no laughs, no friends No girls, just the gin you drink till your car spin You think Damn! when you slam into the wall And you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm I'm 'bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol If my funeral's tomorrow Wonder would they even call? When the music stops Let's see how many of your men loyal When I pull up looking for you with a pistol Sipping a can of penzoil I'm revved up who said what? When lead bust Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed Tossed in the paddywagon Bragging about how you shouted like a coward Bullets devoured you, showered you niggas If I was you niggas, I'd run while given the chance Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man Death itself, it can't hurt me Just the thought of dying alone that really irks me You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk Be smart and stop tryna walk how Gs walk before we spark Hug the floor while we playing tugofwar with your life Fuck a tour and a mic, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife Deliver that shit that coroners like You hype, popping shit in broad daylight Nigga, you're a goner at night when the music stops Instigators turn pits in cages Let loose and bit the neighbors wrist to razors Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk In the dark, my dogs all bark, like, Woof! Proof, nigga, I'm a wolf Get your whole roof caved in, like reindeer hoofs Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose The more y'all breathe, shit, the more I moves It's Hill Street this is hardcore Blues Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues Or make the news, bet you all y'all move When the Uzi pop, you better drop, when the music stop Music has changed my life in so many ways Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade LL told me to Rock the Bells NWA said Fuck the Police, now I'm in jail Ninetythree was strictly R&ampB Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci Michael Jackson who gon' tell me I ain't Mike? Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight Flying down Sunset, smoking crack Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back M.O.P. had me grimey and gritty Marilyn Manson I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties Ludacris told me to throw them bows Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose And a fractured elbow Voices in my head, I'm going in shock I'm reaching for the Glock, but the music stops Huh, so I'm out the game huh? Yo Dre, we riding? Whatever Well I'm with you homie OK, let's handle this small shit I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup, bitch Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth And if I fumble the verse, keep going First take, I make mistakes, just keep it No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane Been here longer than anyone in the game And I ain't got to lie about my age But what about Jermaine? Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your saying I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it Ya midget, MiniMe, with a bunch of little MiniYou's Running around your backyard swimming pools Over 80 million records sold And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Second verse, it gets worse It gets no better than this Amateurs drink veteran piss From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucking again Dre ain't having it as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate If there was some magic shit I could wave Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone And bury to make sure the tradition carries on I would If I could only use this power for good I wouldn't, not even if I could From the hood and I'm a hornet And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warning And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off Another punch, I'm punkrock, no one's punk Don't give a fuck, white Pac, so much spunk When I was little I knew I would blow up And sell a mil or grow up to be Attila Go nuts and be a killer And I'm something of a phenom One puff of the chron I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again There's no obstacle that I can't conquer So come along with us (Come On) Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Now anybody who knows Dre Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partying all day But I handle my business cause it's work before play Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet However you want it, you could have it your way You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day Bullet with your name, sending it your way That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway Cause this is my space, you invade it Live to regret it and you die trying to violate it Fuck around and you'll get annihilated Eyes dilated Ha, like my old lady Cause what you say is what you say Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back I speed write and my loose leaves my launch pad And I can pull any string Don't have to prove anything Catch a contract on your head You headed West, talk shit about Dre? You better get a vest, then invest in something To protect your head and neck And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth But a lot of truth is said in jest And if I ever do live to be a legend I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source Ain't holdin' my fucking breath But I suffocate for the respect Fore I breathe to collect the fucking check Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Cause what you say is what you say Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it So who you playing with huh huh huh huh? Watch your fuckin' mouth 'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up, but you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse. Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left Yo left, yo left, yo left right left 'Til I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em 'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them 'Cause when I am not then I'm 'a stop pinning 'em And I am not hiphop and I'm just not Eminem. Subliminal thoughts when I'm 'a stop sending Them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxicillin is just not real enough. The criminal cop killing hiphop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners. You're coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us. You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up. For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck. 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit. This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it 'Cause you may never get it again. So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end. 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in. I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in. It goes Reggie, JayZ, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me. But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me. That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me. Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me. You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate, hit me. 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart. And it's absurd how people hang on every word. I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first. 'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse. That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers. But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers. So this is like a fullblown attack I'm launching at them The track is on some battling raps who want some static 'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So... 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth. 'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse. Until the roof The roof comes off Until my legs Give out from underneath me I will not fall, I will stand tall, Hello boys and girls Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do Who's your daddy? Daddy, what're you doing? OK then! Everybody, listen up! I'm going to Hell, who's comin' with me? Somebody, please help him! I think my dad gone crazy! There's no mountain I can't climb There's no tower too high No plane that I can't learn how to fly What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls I cut 'em off, I got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed Sunglasses with Elton John's name, on my drag wall I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off Suck it Marshall So tell Laura and her husband to back off Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off And launch one at these Russians, and that's all Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map, off When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off? Hailie, tell 'em baby My dad's lost it There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it I think my dad gone crazy! A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby I think my dad gone crazy! There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me I think my dad gone crazy! There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie I think my dad gone crazy! It's like my mother always told me Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana and codeine and goddammit, you little motherfucker If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin' Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record I'd rather be a pussywhipped bitch, eat pussy And have pussylips glued to my face with a clitring in my nose Than quit bringing my flows, quit giving me my ammo Can't you see why I'm so mean? If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more? Dad There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it I think my dad gone crazy! A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby I think my dad gone crazy! There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me I think my dad gone crazy! There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie I think my dad gone crazy! My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise And at the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme See what you're seeing is a genius at work Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first 'Cause when I speak, it's tongue in cheek I'd yank my fucking teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son And walk around the rest of my life spit on And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung Like R. Kelly as soon as Bump N' Grind comes on More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave Screaming at the sky, 'til clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade And that's pretty much the gist of it, Parents are pissed, but the kids love it Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in twoseaters with meat cleavers I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it I think my dad gone crazy! A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby I think my dad gone crazy! There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me I think my dad gone crazy! There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie I think my dad gone crazy! Crazy they did it tweedledetweedledum trust me tweedledetweedledum EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) There's an intruder in my house He cut my phonelines can't dial out I scream for police but I doubt They're gonna hear me when I shout A couple of cocktails will send me to jail there's a couple of cops hot on my trail But this time, when I get pulled over there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me quit fooling with me Bitch, you're gonna see No pistol in the seat why it always gotta be an issue when you're me and which you're gonna see in the long run Im'a be the wrong one you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass flashing that flashlight on my ass where was you at last night when them assholes ran up on my grass rapper slash actor kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass they took away my right to bear arms what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms? yeah right they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flareguns We as Americans We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans Im'a make buku bucks wearing buku vests Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest but you know who with an S tattooed to my chest But I've finessed Now I got the Industry pissy ever since me and Dre split it fiftyfifty on fifty it's funny We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paperairplanes out of a twenty Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents I'd rather see the president dead It's never been said but I set precedents and the standards and they can't stand it My name should've been bastard the shit should've been plastered on my forehead with a stamp I should've been blasted I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass but I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot Fuck that shit I done seen how fast this rap shit can turn into some pappap shit that quick snap click but this time they got fucking automatic (Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon Clack We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans (SSHHH) I got a secret if you can keep it between us I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis under my Long Johns under my Sean Johns when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone Im'a do five years no less than that no questions asked it might be a good idea to stop right here and quit while I'm ahead already in the red already got a steady infrared meant for my head A target on my back bigger problems than that Bin Laden on my ass he probably gone send a task I ain't gone even ask they ain't gone let me pack they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We are Americans Us as a citizen We as Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! <i>[2 shots]<i> Cause you love me, and I love you more. There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do. And that's why... No matter what... When you find out, can't escape me whore. EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) Will you tell us a bedtime story? Here we go... Canabis, where the fuck you at? I miss ya! From Canada? Oh Canibitch We got a bogey! (Marshall I'm on the way)  From Canada? Oh Canibitch  So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed  Plus he raps with his regular voice <i>[BOOSH! BOOSH!]<i> He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again  EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging I'm withholding my anger Though I'd like to be the strangler Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck It's my right to insist That he acknowledge my existence But he just displays complete lack of respect That's what he says to himself As he use his magazines to trash me As he sits with both his feet up at his desk Smokes a bag of his weed And starts imagining things And he just can't see that he's manically depressed And in his jealousy and envy It just whirls him in a frenzy As he turns on MTV and sees my face He don't exist in this world So he just twists and he twirls Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage And it's destroying him slowly Cause he does not even know me Even though he sees me everywhere he goes So he just tortures himself He has no fortune and wealth So he extorts someone else to get his dough And now he's acting like a bully So he tries to push and pull me But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad He has no choice but to scream And raise his voice up at me Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared You ain't no motherfucking (bully) And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully) I won't allow it, ain't gonna cower to no (bully) I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully) Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...) And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...) Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies No more unfortunately There's so many other motherfuckers that just are They just keep hounding at me Now that I'm down with 50 Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja <i>[laughter]<i> But his ass is such a puppet Irv could shove his whole hand up it And just make him say what he wants him to say But Suge has Irv's on a string And Irv's so nervous that he Says anything to this man to keep him at bay So now Ja thinks that he's so tough And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf And they go huff and puff and blow our label down But our building's made out of bricks So you ain't taking out shit And dog you just did a song with Bobby Brown So now you try to pull the race card And it backfires in your face hard Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit Plus this stylist that you fucked When you was ecstasied up Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch You must be taking to much (E...) Now what bothers me the most About hiphop is we so close To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac We just lost Jam Master J Big L got blasted away Plus we lost Bugz, Slang Ton, and Freaky Tah It's like a neverending cycle That just seems to come full circle Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard I'm not excluding myself Cause I been stupid as well I been known to lose it when someone says something smart But as we grow as men We learn to let shit go, but then again There's only so much bullshit we can really stand We all got reps to uphold When someone steps on our toes It's no exception, it goes for every man But if Irv really gave a fuck About Ja like he claims he does He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs But he just keeps feeding him pills So if that E doesn't kill him Someone from GUnit will and I ain't buzzed Dawg, I'm talking to you straight If the situation escalates Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game And if I get killed for this rap I got a million in cash That says I will get you back in Hailie's name Irvine, get your boy off that (E...) Get at me, dog EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) Stop sleepin on my roof bitch I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy &amp Proof are you with me? Everybody come on an You brave? Everybody come on an We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life So get your gun and if you comin EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) Hailie, what do you want to be when you grow up, baby? I don't know, but I don't want to grow up to be like Ja Rule's little dirtyass kids Ahha! Yeah! C'mon! Gggg GUnit! Hailie What? Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar OK We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass! I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple I'm quick to murder ink with lead And I ain't talking 'bout a pencil Look at what the fuck you done got into I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual Claiming you a murderer, and you spelled it wrong You put E before the D, 'cause that's all you on You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy If he was still alive, you would never get by All you do is cry, bitch, keep it real Life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals That another nigga got you? They didn't see skills And I ain't playin', you a brother getting cheated And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover, 'cause he need it And all you niggas hating, shut your mouths! It's just that real niggas ain't buying that shit y'all put out Doe, rae, me, but we don't sing, motherfuckers So Murder Inc, do your thing, motherfuckers You unleashed on a team Who expects nothin' less than R&ampB coming from that regime Regime is a little extreme Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines Ja sold his soul to sing Weave eyewitness team on the TV screen, chase the greed Now that you've embraced the green Don't fuck with the triple beams You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonating rapper Slash Billie Holiday how it happen? Artist and repertoire saw him in action Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him Told him, Reenact him, you go platinum! They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenacting her boy So I'm clickclackin' this toy, mash and destroy Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, motherfucker! Doe rae me, fasolatida Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot Mamasaymamasamamacosa Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not Shooting at me, with the only shot you got Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop Now, we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs We don't take you serious, nigga, you shook You half of a halfway crook get off X dick, go sing a hook! Nigga, and you can't replace the late great one And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one Nigga, please stick to the script Before the guns stick to the clip And Benzino, you ain't shit but a bitch! Fuckin' oldass, ignorant, innocentlookin' senior citizen Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive Wait a minute, hold on is it me, or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on? A bitchmade man now, how you gonna connect With them short ass arms, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex You niggas can scream, holler and curse Go ahead and respond And pull that pen and pad up outta your purse Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas What up, Gotti? And this little war you pushed on Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggas? Roll like a boss, in the streets they still feel us It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept You talking nonsense to walking bomb threats Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source Threaten at the boss, you gon' see me on your porch Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or that transvestite? That dress like a Lil Kim fox You're just like a little windbox Press tight on the trigger of this Glock Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep You got shot in your video trying mock Pac You Mockaveli get your own identity! Doe rae me, fasolatida Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot Mamasaymamasamamacosa Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not Shooting at me, with the only shot you got Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again Fuckin' punkpussy bitch! I'll fuck you up, boy! Never! Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass That's right, motherfuckers Shady records, what you know about it? Fuck Benzino! Fuck Ja Rule! Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers Ja Rule punk ass, yeah, fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real That the nigga from Soul 4 Real! Candy Rainass nigga, he got a deal, now he rappin' You don't know what's, faggotass motherfuckers Get money to all my real niggas, man Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me? Lord, please forgive me for what I do For I know not what I've done Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do I just never had the chance to ever meet you Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off) My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off (gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off) Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch (their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch) But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn (else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in My Great Aunt and Uncle, Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles) They were the ones who were left in charge My elementary they ganged up on me and sang this song (sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song) It went a little something like Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand, understand And by the way, where's my daaaaaaaaaaad? Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly Predominantly white, predominantly black, but what about me Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you? Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that  why am I so misunderstood? Why do I go through so much bullshit, it's such bullshit, it's tush mull bisch Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad And how his mom was a dope addict, and his exwife how they go at it Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers, claims he had it I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it Man if I only had half of it Shit, if you only knew the half of it Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds Please release me from these demons I never had any of this shit planned, mom, please believe I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry Now look at all the pain I caused Dear Santa Claus, why you not comin' this year again? What did I do that was so bad to deserve this? Everything could have been so perfect But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoisted up in the air Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere I don't even know why they feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merrygoround Here we go now, doesedoe now, curtains up, the show must go Now ring around the rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on 'til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone That we finally meet in the same place to see Ooh ooh, it's never enough Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you will to be Saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls their throwaway children. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should Move up a little bit from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit enough Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up Let's take this shit back to the basement And we can discuss statements that's made on this tape And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love The music we all enjoy The music you accuse me of tryna destroy Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory I'd like to share a story, this is my story and can't nobody tell it for me You have well informed me, I am well aware that I don't belong here You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere From BelAir shopping center just for stopping in there From the black side all the way to the white side OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide You may call it a pass I call it hauling my ass Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks Them good old notorious so wellknown tracks So let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home Come on let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home I'd roam the streets so much they'd call me a drifter Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 Mile and Van Dyke And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard And drop it off at the park that was the halfway mark To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's That's about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows At Center Line High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like, White boys don't know how to rhyme. I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit where compound syllables sound combined From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line So let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home Come on let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice Lamb suede too But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news Guess who came through next, XClan debut Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green With a key sissies now with this being a new trend We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions Represents Black Power and we ain't know what it meant Me and my man Howard and Butta would go to the mall with 'em All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all We was being laughed at You ain't even half black. You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that And that Flavor Flav clock we gon' have to snatch that All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement Saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the X Clan's tape is Which reminds me back in '89 me and Kim broke up for the first time She was tryna twotime me and there was this black girl At our school who thought I was cool 'cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull her Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy And that's the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the Oh Foolish Pride girl But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad But it was I singled out a whole race and for that I apologize I was wrong 'cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe So let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place That I once used to call home sweet home Come on let's go back Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down... Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win But the battle wages on for toy soldiers I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to I'm supposed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jayz and Nas shit And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hiphop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object for someone to get killed Why would I wanna destroy something I help build It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life Like fuck it i understand this is business And this shit just isn't none of my business But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up Was through that publication the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind We still have soldiers that's on the front line That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' I'm just willin' to be the bigger man If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America And to the Republic for which it stands One nation under God Indivisible with liberty and justice for all... People, it feels so good to be back... Mosh with me now! I scrutinize every word, memorize every line I spit it once, refuel, reenergize and rewind I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask A father who has grown up with a fatherless past Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has Or at least shows no difficulty multitask And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half Of his career typical manure moving past that Mr. KissHisAssCrack, he's a class act Rubberband man, yeah, he just snaps back Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed Carry on, give me hope, give me strength Come with me and I won't steer you wrong Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog To the light at the end of the tunnel We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh Take us right through the doors (C'mon) All the people up top on the side and the middle Come together let's all form and swarm just a little Just let it gradually build from the front to the back All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together To celebrate for the same cause no matter the weather If it rains let it rain, yeah, the wetter the better They ain't gon' stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever They tell us, No, we say, Yeah, they tell us, Stop, we say, Go. Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gon' let 'em know Stomp, push, shove, mush, fuck Bush, Until they bring our troops home C'mon, just Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed Carry on, give me hope, give me strength Come with me and I won't steer you wrong Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog To the light at the end of the tunnel We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh Take us right through the doors (C'mon) Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us Mosh pits outside the Oval Office Someone's tryna tell us something, Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible For this monster, this coward, That we have empowered This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin' How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists Now this is our final hour Let me be the voice and your strength, and your choice Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise Try to amplify it, times it, and multiply it by six... Teen million people, all equal at this high pitch Maybe we can reach AlQaeda through my speech Let the President answer a higher anarchy Strap him with an AK47, let him go, fight his own war Let him impress daddy that way No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero Look in his eyes it's all lies The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die If I get sniped tonight you know why, 'Cause I told you to fight. Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed Carry on, give me hope, give me strength Come with me and I won't steer you wrong Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog To the light at the end of the tunnel We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh Take us right through the doors (C'mon) And as we proceed, To mosh through this desert storm, And these closing statements, if they should argue Let us beg to differ As we set aside our differences And assemble our own army To disarm this weapon of mass destruction That we call our President, for the present And mosh for the future of our next generation To speak and be heard Mr. President, Mr. Senator There I gothinking of you again You don't know how sick you make me You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach Every time I think of you, I puke You must just not knowwhoawhoawhoawhoa You may not think you do, but you do Every time I think of you I puke I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of songwhoa I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm Bout to rattle off some of the reasons I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you On my arm, but what do I go and do I go and get another one, now I got two Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim Shiiiiiiiiiiiit If you only knew how much I hated you For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you Boooooooooooowho You don't know how sick you make me You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach Every time I think of you, I puke You must just not knowwhoawhoawhoawhoa You may not think you do, but you do Every time I think of you I puke I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter But I thought a song would probably be a little better Instead of a letter That you'd probably just shred upyeah I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a Paper, I'd rather let you see how Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle You're a fuckin' cokehead slut, I hope you fuckin' die I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die Diiiiiiiiiiiie But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna Gagaaaaaaaaaaaaag What else can I do, I haven't got a clue Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to But every time I think of you now all I wanna do Is puuuuuuuuuuuuke You don't know how sick you make me You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach Every time I think of you, I puke You must just not knowwhoawhoawhoawhoa You may not think you do, but you do Every time I think of you, I puke So much for first single on this one Cause one day it could cost you your name Poo Poo Ca Ca And this was suppose to be Poo Poo Ca Ca fuckafuckafuck off! Yeah (Definitely, definitely, definitely, dope, definitely, definitely Kmart) Yeah, yeah You find me offensive, I find you offensive For finding me offensive Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences If so to what extent If at any should I go 'Cause it's getting expensive Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive They say I cause extensive Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this, Far at other peoples' expenses I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive It's censorship And it's down right blasphemous Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either He used to be like a hero to me I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator Right next to Darth Vader And Darth must have put a hex on him for later I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor I killed Superman, I killed Superman And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy Kryptonite The Green Chronic 'Cause I ain't got no legs! Or no brain, nice to meet you Hi, my name is... I forgot my name! My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is.... Rain Man Now in the Bible it says Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed, Have homosexual sex Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in Then, of course, it's intercourse And it's bisexual sex Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions Either before, during or after performing the act of that which Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases That are more used by today's kids In a more derogatory way but Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say? Let's ask Dr. Dre Dr. Dre? (What up?) I gotta question if I may? (Yeah) Is it gay to play PuttPutt golf with a friend (Yeah) And watch his buttbutt when he tees off? (Yeah) But, up I ain't done yet In football the quarterback yells out hutthutt While he reaches in another grown man's ass Grabs on his nuts but just what if It was never meant it was just an accident But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it But his little weenie flinched just a little bit And I don't mean to go in into any more details but What if he pictured it as a females butt? Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because... You find me offensive, I find you offensive Shit, this is the same verse I just did this When am I gonna come to my good senses? Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby And my plan is to get him next And open up a whipass canister Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah) Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it This is the only thing that I'm good at I am the bad guy, Kryptonite The Green Chronic Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it I got it, high five Nick Lachey Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away And as she flew around the room like a balloon I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna Out the trash can and zoom I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH Yo, Rain Man Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three I don't understand Why are you being so mean? You're a mean mean man You are just jealous of me 'Cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it You walk around and say All kinds of really mean things About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only 'cause you're Just really jealous of me 'Cause I'm what you want to be So you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things 'Cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie Alright listen, I need you to focus I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment Now I need you to open your mindyour eyes close them You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis For the next four and a half minutes We are going to explore into your mind To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous Now why did they make YooHoo? Pippity gaga poopoo Psych, I'm kidding I just wanted to see if you're still listenin' OK, now I need your undivided attention Sir I have a question Why do I always sense this undeniable tension From the moment that I enter into the room It gets all quiet and whispers Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned? I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me Is it just because You are just jealous of me 'Cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it You walk around and say All kinds of really mean things About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only 'cause you're Just really jealous of me 'Cause I'm what you want to be So you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things 'Cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie Alright now I (shit) I just flubbed a line I was going to say something extremely important But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't That's just what you wanted to hear from me Is that I fucked up ain't it? But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper It doesn't take a bunch of takes Or me to stand here in this booth all day For me to say the truth, OK? You're drooling, you have tooth decay Your mouth is open, you're disgusting What the fuck you eat for lunch A bunch of sweets or something, what? You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch? Your tooth is rotten to the gum Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum? Yes I do sir, what am I on? You sir are on truth serum Marshall I'm so jealous of you Please say you won't tell nobody I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying All these terrible, evil and awful mean things It's my own insecurities! You are just jealous of me 'Cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it You walk around and say All kinds of really mean things About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only 'cause you're Just really jealous of me 'Cause I'm what you want to be So you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things 'Cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie Alright now we, we're going to conduct That experiment that we were talking about earlier Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy 'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see? Here's a mirror, notice the resemblance here? Wait, let me put these sun glasses on Now look in this mirror, how about now? What do you have in common? You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em You look like I sound like singing about weenies Now take my weenie out of your mouth This is between me and you, I know you're not happy I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying Curled up in a ball tweaked out of my mind dying There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is torturous My point is this That if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a You are just jealous of me 'Cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it You walk around and say All kinds of really mean things About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only 'cause you're Just really jealous of me 'Cause I'm what you want to be So you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things 'Cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down! OK.. Guess who's back? Back again Shady's back Tell a friend Whaaaaaaaa Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright Stop!.....Pajama time Come here little kiddies, On my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap? And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation (AHAHAHAHAH) No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I done touched on everything, but little boys That's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good God, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes and just glide Up the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bunghole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little poot poot, it's OK! <i>[Fart Sound]<i> Oops my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) Well, it's Friday and it's my day Just to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day Everyday's just a holiday Crusin' on the freeway Feelin' kinda breezy Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow I dunno where I'm goin' All I know is when I get there Someone's gonna touch my body Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair? Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah) Now, what's your name girl? What's your sign? DRE! (AHAH) Beer Goggles! Blind! I'm just tryna unwind now I'm Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail and I don't know what happened They say I was running butt naked Down the street screaming (AHAHAHAHAH) Well I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much I'm not guilty They said, Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!' Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It gets real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves Snap back to reality Look it's B.Rabbit! Yo you signed me up to battle!? I'm a grown man! Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie! Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!) Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?) Black girls White girls Skinny girls Fat girls Tall girls Small girls I'm callin' all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for a little romance or Butt squeezin' it's the season Just go (AHAHAHAH) It's so appeasin' Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) UmMmMmm touch my body UmMmMmm touch my body Ooh boy just touch my body The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing The way she moves she's like a bellydancer She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams I think someone's at the door But I don't think I'mma answer Police saying freeze Doing, doing, doing What do you mean freeze? Please, I'm a human being, I have needs I'm not done, not 'til I'm finished peeing I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer I'm already on my knees I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee Yes, I make R&ampB, I sing song it go Ringachong, achingchongchongchongching Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive For I am Triumph, the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet I can get away with anything I say and you will love it The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin' Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that Every time I see that show on MTV my peepee goes Doing, doing, doing MaryKate and Ashley used to be so wholesome Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bumbums I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn Police saying freeze Doing doing doing What do you mean freeze? Geez, I just got my seat I have ticket, look, I put it away my zipper's zipped Please do not remove me from this movie theater please I did not even get to see MaryKate's shower scene I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene And don't treat me like I'm Peewee Herman, this movie's PG Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free Free, yes, free, right back on the streets What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy? I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man And I can say that and you'll laugh 'cause there's a puppet on my hand The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so I ain't never seen a butt like that Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing The way she moves she dances like a gogo In that video she sings, Get out, you bozo. I need a new boyfriend. Hi. My name is JoJo. Police saying freeze Doing, doing, doing What do you mean freeze? My computers will be seized and my keys to my ranch I just bake cookies, Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of this Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this Nobody is safe from me, no not even me I don't even know if I can say the word peepee, pee On the radio, but I think I did Janet, is that a breast? I think I just saw a tit Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick Get to the chopper, everybody get out I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing So Gwen Stefani, will you peepee on me please? I ain't never seen an ass like that 'Cause the way you move it, you make my peepee go Doing, doing, doing If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one Tryna pick myself up where I started from I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control Even though my penis was deep down in your hole You should know between us we was like mates to soul Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes You was more so the chalant type, I chose To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose That's how we go, with time spent, emotion grows In the beginning, friends we decided to roll So who's responsible when you get excited, explode And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold But bitches they gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate We established this way before we became mates So what's required is that you chill with all that fire Get your desire when I retire Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine I used to say I never met a girl like you before Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters 'Til you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me It's true that I got shot in the heart But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see 'Til you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat Before you make a decision that's life altering And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuckabitch My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch But you was different, thought we shared a covenant Even held your hand in public, we sufferin' because of this Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit Tryna play slick thinkin' i'mma trick off grip I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit Feeding you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss We started off closer than close But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth And the final result, back in that same boat I asked myself, do I love these hoes? No! Em introduced us, 50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50 Then slid off and left her to kick it with me I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move? Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit? Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line Yeah I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier Stiffen up that upper lip What you crying about? You got me. Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers No more crying, wipe them tears Daddy's here, no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls Two little beautiful girls Lookin' puzzled, in a daze I know it's confusing you Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us I don't see us ever being together ever again Like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright (Ha) It's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time every house that we lived in Either kept getting broken into and robbed Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre And flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah It's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, mama's only gone for the moment Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright And if you ask me to Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'mma give you the world I'mma buy a diamond ring for you I'mma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'mma break that birdie's neck I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya Tell myself that I was doing alright There's nothing left to do tonight But go crazy on you Crazy on you Let me go crazy, crazy on you Can't you see what you do to me baby? You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac. I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick You're truly the only one who can do this to me You just make me get so crazy. I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex You make me crazy, The way we act Like two maniacs in the sack We fuck like two jackrabbits And maybe that's a bad habit. 'Cause the next day we're right back at it In the same exact pattern What the fuck is the matter with us? We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love What's that that's attracting us to each other? They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother. Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you Just 'cause I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you. But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby, Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am 'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side. Like a devil in disguise, You're always full of surprises Always pullin' devices Out your purse little vibrators and dildoes You fucked yourself so much You barely feel those anymore You're only twentyfour but you're plenty more mature Than those other little hoes Who just act like little girls Like they're in middle school still You're crazy sexy cool, Chilling you play your position You never step out of line Even though I stay in your business You've always kept out of mine. I wonder what's on your mind Sometimes they say love is blind Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye You ain't see the sign. Or maybe you did Maybe you like being shoved Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love Crazy on you Crazy on you Let me go crazy crazy on you You are the ink to my paper What my pen is to my pad The moral, the very fiber The whole substance to my rap. You are my reason for being The meaning of my existence If it wasn't for you I would never be able to spit this As intense as I do and the irony Is you rely on me as much As I rely on you to inspire me like you do. You provide me the lighter fluid You're fuel to my fire You're my entire supply Gas, the match and igniter. The only way that I am able To stay so stable Is you're the legs to my table If you were to break I'd fall on my face. But I'm always gonna make you feel I don't need you as much as I really need you So you don't use it to your advantage. But you're essential to me You're the air I breathe I believe if you ever leave me I'd probably have no reason to be. You are the Kim to my Marshall You're the Slim to my Shady The Dre to my Eminem The Alaina to my Hailie. You are the word that I'm looking for when I'm trying to describe how I feel inside And the right one just won't come to my mind. You're like the pillar that props me up The beam that supports me The bitch who never took half, The wife who never divorced me. You're like the root to my evil You let my devil come out me You let me beat the shit out you Before you beat the shit out me. And no matter how much Too much is never enough Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love Crazy on you Crazy on you I told ya'll motherfuckers I was coming back Shit What now nigga what now what Brewster Projects nigga One shot two shot three shots four shots All I hear is gunshots This is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor Music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door Somebody's licking shots off Security's gone I'm trapped in the club And I'm tryna run and get my motherfucking gun (Nigga what about your wife) Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryna run and save my motherfucking life Oh shit, the shooter's comin' Bitches hollering, niggas running People shot all over the floor And I'm tryna make it to the St. Andrew's door Hey man That's the sound of the Glock Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot I done messed around and forgot my TEC I don't see nobody but Fatt Father and Hex (Kuniva you alright) These niggas is trippin' (Where's Bizarre at?) (I don't know, man) I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wildin' Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling This chick is clinging on to me sobbing and sighing Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield And she got hit now she's yelling (Don't leave me!) I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me I squeezed through the back door and made my escape I ran and got my .38 I hope it's not too late One shot two shot three shots four shots All I hear is gunshots This is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor Music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door Somebody's licking shots off (Nigga I've been tryna call you all day motherfucker where you at?) I'm on 7 Mile what the fuck was that Damn somebody hit me from the back (With what? Their car?) With a gat nigga and my tire flat And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes (Is you hit?) I don't know But I can tell you what they drove It was a black Mitsubishi with (Shit that's the clique we beefing with.) Man! (I swear!) And I was on my way there Believe me I'm leaving a carcass today And I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked I'm gonna meet you at the club we're gonna fuck these hoes up One shot two shot three shots four shots All I hear is gunshots This is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor Music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door Somebody's licking shots off I've never seen no shit like this in my life before People are still camped out from the night before Sleeping outside the door waiting in line Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform The fire marshals know the venue's too small People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans And some cumwad from out the parking lot Gets in an argument over a parking spot Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door Into St. Andrew's Hall Now the strays flying all over the place Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off I'm posted up at the bar having a Mazel Tov Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off Thank God I'm alive I gotta find Denaun And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre Nah I guess not, what the fuck oh my God it was I never saw him run so fast in my life Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife There she is on the ground being trampled I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit My vest is barely able to handle it, it's too thin If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop Dee Follow Bizarre's path ran through it Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out But I can't see who he's shooting it out with But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his fourfifth One shot two shot three shots four shots All I hear is gunshots This is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor Music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door Somebody's licking shots off It's Friday night came to this bitch right Big ass in my left hand, Desert Eagle in my right I ain't come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to fight Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryna check when I get in Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that this schmuck That shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker So one shot for the money two's to stop the show Third's for the bartender (bitch bring me a bottle of Mo') I just wanna know who's driving the black Mitsubishi He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee with a threepiece One shot two shot three shots four shots All I hear is gunshots This is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor Music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door GGGGGUnit!, haha Swing one last time Get on down But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad Worldwide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin' Jump, jump, jump, jump I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to 50 cent, come on! When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh There's an intruder in my house He cut my phonelines can't dial out I scream for police but I doubt They're gonna hear me when I shout A couple of cocktails will send me to jail there's a couple of cops hot on my trail But this time, when I get pulled over there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me quit fooling with me Bitch, you're gonna see No pistol in the seat why it always gotta be an issue when you're me and which you're gonna see in the long run Im'a be the wrong one you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass flashing that flashlight on my ass where was you at last night when them assholes ran up on my grass rapper slash actor kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass they took away my right to bear arms what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms? yeah right they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flareguns We as Americans We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans Im'a make buku bucks wearing buku vests Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest but you know who with an S tattooed to my chest But I've finessed Now I got the Industry pissy ever since me and Dre split it fiftyfifty on fifty it's funny We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paperairplanes out of a twenty Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents I'd rather see the president dead It's never been said but I set precedents and the standards and they can't stand it My name should've been bastard the shit should've been plastered on my forehead with a stamp I should've been blasted I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass but I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot Fuck that shit I done seen how fast this rap shit can turn into some pappap shit that quick snap click but this time they got fucking automatic (Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon Clack We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We as Americans Us as a citizen We are Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America And we are Americans (SSHHH) I got a secret if you can keep it between us I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis under my Long Johns under my Sean Johns when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone Im'a do five years no less than that no questions asked it might be a good idea to stop right here and quit while I'm ahead already in the red already got a steady infrared meant for my head A target on my back bigger problems than that Bin Laden on my ass he probably gone send a task I ain't gone even ask they ain't gone let me pack they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at We as a Americans Us as a citizen Gotta protect ourselves Look at how shit has been We better check ourselves Living up in these streets Through worse and through better health Surviving by any means We are Americans Us as a citizen We as Samaritans What do we get us in We better check ourselves Look at how shit has been Take a look where you live This is America EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! <i>[2 shots]<i> Cause you love me, and I love you more. There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do. And that's why... No matter what... When you find out, can't escape me whore. EP <b>Straight From The Lab<b> (2003) Alright, then SHUT UP!!! Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop Your my world, world world. compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) Ow ow ow Oh God damn I'm gonna fackin' cum Oh shit, oh yeah Fack fack fack Fack I am I am I'm going to cum I'm cumming I never seen no chick like this This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist Condom on my dick Of course it is This bitch don't know what abortion is So I can't cum in her Fucks like a porn star Looks like Jenna Fack I'm gonna Cum I think my rubber's coming off But oh it's so fuckin' wet and soft Fuck I'm gonna start letting off I'm squirting and she's not getting off And she's on top I'm gonna fucking, oh God Oh don't do that Don't stop Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop Ah Wait a minute Oh oh fack I'm gonna fucking cum Ow ow ow Oh God damn I'm gonna fackin' cum Oh shit, oh yeah Fack fack fack Fack I am I am I'm going to cum I'm cumming Oh wow boom that pow Oh wow I need a cigarette now Oh I'm so fucking hot and you're so fuckin' hot Oh my God I wanna facking fack No, not fuck I said fack F A C K F A C K Fack fack fack facking freak me Oh yeah girl see baby They call me Mr. Freaky Let's call your sister threeway Have some threesome Me so horny And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you Fack you shaved Oh God damn Here I go again I'm gonna cum, I am Ow ow ow Oh God damn I'm gonna fackin' cum Oh shit, oh yeah Fack fack fack Fack I am I am I'm going to cum I'm cumming I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh OK I'm done I already came twice You ain't gonna make me cum I'm all out of gas Not so fast Ah Your finger just went in my ass Ah that hurts take it out now Oh wait a minute put it back in In in in This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men I like boobs Boobs boobs Now See that gerbil Grab that tube Shove it up my butt Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole Oh yeah right there, right there Uh I'm cumming Oh yeah Fack I just came again OK pull it out now Oh fuck yeah Wait he's not out He's still crawling around up there Oh fack I think it's stuck Oh but it feels so fucking good Ow ow ow Oh God damn I'm gonna fackin'cum Oh shit, oh yeah Fack fack fack Fack I am I am I'm going to cum I'm cumming Shove a gerbil in your ass Through a tube Shove a gerbil in your ass Through a tube Shove a gerbil in your ass Through a tube Shove a gerbil in your ass Through a tube Ew compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) Whatever... Dre, just let it run Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it Just shut up and listen, aiyyo... I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be The most meanest MC on this  on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve All this tension dispensing these sentences Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)... But at least have the decency in you To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)... I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a motherfucking thing I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)... No patience is in me and if you offend me I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you (of all you)... I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know, it's just the way I am Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered With all of this nonsense it's constant And, Oh, it's his lyrical content   the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses And all of this controversy circles me And it seems like the media immediately Points a finger at me (finger at me)... So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin Where were the parents at? And look where it's at Middle America, now it's a tragedy Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city Having this happening (this happening)... Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)... But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire To burn and it's burning and I have returned And I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am I don't know it's just the way I am I'm so sick and tired of being admired That I wish that I would just die or get fired And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables I'm not gonna be able to top on My Name is...  And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)... To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking The same fucking questions (fucking questions)... What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in The why, the who what when, the where, and the how 'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out 'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit And I'm thankful for every fan that I get But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom Without someone standing by it No, I won't sign your autograph You can call me an asshole I'm glad 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Radio won't even play my jam 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady (Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uhhuh) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh) And Dr. Dre said, Slim Shady, you a basehead (Uhuh) Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else 'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast Come here, slut Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh) Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirtyfive I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, Let's just be friends Ninetynine percent of my life, I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn) I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Ahh, ahh, ahh) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it, Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that) I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup) Am I coming or going? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here) When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits I lay awake and strap myself in the bed With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang) 'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr) And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh? My name is, chkachka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or something Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan This is Stan My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance I ain't mad  I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew That's my little brother man, he's only six years old We waited in the blistering cold for you For four hours and you just said, No That's pretty shitty man  you're like his fucking idol He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to Remember when we met in Denver  you said if I'd write you You would write back  see I'm just like you in a way I never knew my father neither He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you're saying in your songs So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 247 But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose Sincerely yours, Stan P.S. We should be together, too My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Mister I'mTooGoodToCallOrWriteMyFans, This'll be the last package I ever send your ass It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it? I know you got my last two letters I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? You know the song by Phil Collins In the Air of the Night About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me See, Slim, shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk! Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk, But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you 'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out? My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that And here's an autograph for your brother I wrote it on the Starter cap I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too? I say that shit's just clowning , dawg C'mon! How fucked up is you? You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some And what's this shit about us meant to be together? That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other I really think you and your girlfriend need each other Or maybe you just need to treat her better I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan I just don't want you to do some crazy shit I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to Come to think about it, his name was... it was you Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already Mom's spaghetti He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow! Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You betterâ His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping This world is mine for the taking, make me king As we move toward a New World Order A normal life is boring but superstardom's Close to postmortem, it only grows harder Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over These hoes is all on him, coasttocoast shows He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father He goes home and barely knows his own daughter But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product They moved on to the next schmoe who flows He nosedove and sold nada, and so the soap opera Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner But the beat goes on da da dum da dum da da da da You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You betterâ No more games, I'ma change what you call rage Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper All the pain inside amplified by the Fact that I can't get by with my 9to5 And I can't provide the right type of life for my family 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teetertotter Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got To go I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot So here I go, it's my shot feet, fail me not This may be the only opportunity that I got You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You better lose yourself in the music The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go) You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo You betterâ compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) Shady, Aftermath (Look at that bitch! Ha, yeah!) There she goes shaking that ass on the floor Bumpin' and grindin' that pole The way she's grindin' that pole I think I'm losing control Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted Pasted, blasted, puke, drink up, get a new drink Hit the bathroom sink, throw up Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine Knowing still got a few chunks on your shoestring Showing I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated And hips and licked them lips and that was it I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit Two to the one from the one to the three I like good pussy and I like good trees Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe And I get more ass than a toilet seat Three to the one from the one to the three I met a bad bitch last night in the D Let me tell you how I made her leave with me Conversation and Hennessy I've been to the motherfucking mountain top Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet It's real easy just follow the beat Don't let that fine girl pass you by Look real close cause strobe lights lie We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up) Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt) I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut Wanna get it popping baby step right up Some girls they act retarded Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say every day she be giving it up Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist Open your mouth for about four or five minutes Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse Swish but don't spit it, swallow when I finish Yeah me and Nate DO double G Looking for a couple bitches with some double Ds Pop a little champagne and a couple Es Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party Have a party (turn the music up) Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt) I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck Apple bottom jeans and a big ol' butt Some girls they act retarded Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on Knows that she can but she won't say no Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine Now I hope you don't get mad at me But I told Nate you was a freak He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind I told him how you like it from behind Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up) Let's get it started (go ahead shake your butt) I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up Some girls they act retarded Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck I say every day she be giving it up There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor Bumping and grinding that pole The way she's grinding that pole I think I'm losing control God, come on I ain't leavin' without you bitch Coming home with me And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl Ha ha, Nate Dogg compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) These ideas are nightmares to white parents Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing To see him walking around with his headphones blaring Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care He's a problem child What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about His fuckin' dad walkin' out 'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap He sags his pants, dorags and a stocking cap His stepfather hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go... (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum Holy or unholy, only have one homie Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you... (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away They say music can alter moods and talk to you Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail It's fucked up ain't it How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine Who post pinup pictures on their walls all day long Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it 'Cause we consider these minutes golden And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can... Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Obie Trice Real name no gimmicks Two trailerpark girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside Two trailerpark girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back Guess who's back I've created a monster 'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more They want Shady I'm chopped liver Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor Some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart Quicker than a shock When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor When I'm not cooperating When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!) You waited this long now stop debating 'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney But your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be Or let me be me so let me see They try to shut me down on MTV But it feels so empty without me So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits Fuck you, Debbie! Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me Little hellions kids feeling rebellious Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis They start feeling like prisoners, helpless 'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells bitch A visionary, vision is scary Could start a revolution Polluting the air waves a rebel So just let me revel and bask In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass And it's a disaster Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass You ask for me? Well I'm back Fix your bent antennae Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in And up under your skin like a splinter The center of attention back for the winter I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting Testing attention please Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me A tiskit a taskit I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards And Moby You can get stomped by Obie You 36 year old baldheaded fag blow me You don't know me You're too old Let go It's over, nobody listens to techno Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol But sometimes the shit just seems Everybody only wants to discuss me So this must mean I'm disgusting But it's just me I'm just obscene No, I'm not the first king of controversy I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley To do black music so selfishly And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey) There's a concept that works 20 million other white rappers emerge But no matter how many fish in the sea It'd be so empty without me Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy 'Cause it feels so empty without me Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down... Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win But the battle wages on for toy soldiers I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to I'm supposed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jayz and Nas shit And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hiphop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object for someone to get killed Why would I wanna destroy something I help build It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life Like fuck it i understand this is business And this shit just isn't none of my business But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up Was through that publication the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind We still have soldiers that's on the front line That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' I'm just willin' to be the bigger man If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause May I have your attention please? May I have your attention please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're gonna have a problem here.. Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door And started whooping her ass worse than before They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!) It's the return of the... Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding, He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots! Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Haha!) Feminist women love Eminem Slim Shady, I'm sick of him Look at him, walking around grabbing his youknowwhat Flipping the youknowwho. Yeah, but he's so cute though! Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is Of course they gonna know what intercourse is By the time they hit fourth grade They got the Discovery Channel, don't they? We ain't nothing but mammals.. Well, some of us cannibals Who cut other people open like cantaloupes <i>[SLURP]<i> But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up, Please stand up, please stand up? Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird? Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here? So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, heehee! I should download her audio on MP3 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD <i>[AHHH!]<i> I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me So I have been sent here to destroy you <i>[bzzzt]<i> And there's a million of us just like me Who cuss like me who just don't give a fuck like me Who dress like me walk, talk and act like me It just might be the next best thing but not quite me! I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room The only difference is I got the balls to say it In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all I just get on the mic and spit it And whether you like to admit it <i>[*ERR*]<i> I just shit it Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums It's funny 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings Screaming I don't give a fuck! With his windows down and his system up So, will the real Shady please stand up? And put one of those fingers on each hand up? And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? Ha ha Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us Yeah I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now But hey, what daddy always tell you? Straighten up little soldier Stiffen up that upper lip What you crying about? You got me. Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers No more crying, wipe them tears Daddy's here, no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls Two little beautiful girls Lookin' puzzled, in a daze I know it's confusing you Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us I don't see us ever being together ever again Like we used to be when we was teenagers But then of course everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright (Ha) It's funny I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me 'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying 'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time every house that we lived in Either kept getting broken into and robbed Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre And flew you and momma out to see me But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here I like the sound of that, yeah It's got a ring to it don't it? Shh, mama's only gone for the moment Now hush little baby, don't you cry Everything's gonna be alright Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why We fear how we feel inside It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby But I promise mama's gon' be alright And if you ask me to Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird I'mma give you the world I'mma buy a diamond ring for you I'mma sing for you I'll do anything for you to see you smile And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine I'mma break that birdie's neck I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya Meet Eddie, twentythreeyearsold Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store (I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes) But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart And suddenly, his conscience comes into play (Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this) Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door Of this liquor store And try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience That's nonsense! Go in, gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs Tell her you need a place to stay You'll be safe for days If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch! Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!) Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!) Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude) (It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute) (Mmm, I don't know!) (Look baby) (Damn!) (Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?) (Well OK.) Meet Stan, twentyoneyearsold (Give me a kiss!) After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom Once again, his conscience comes into play (Shit!) Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek And smearing her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe (Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh huh!) Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare 'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?) No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest! (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail Here I lay (Damn it feels good to be home) Meet Grady, a twentynineyearold construction worker After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man (What the fuck?!) (Grady!) Alright calm down, relax, start breathing Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin' While you at work she's with some dude trying to get off?! Fuck slitting her throat, cut this bitch's head off! Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit? (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!) Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady But think about the baby before you get all crazy Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her? Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?! (What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? (I'mma kill you motherfucker!) Uhha! Temper temper! Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went Been there, done that. Aw fuck it Where's my snare? I have no snare in my headphones. There you go Yeah... yo, yo Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have I've been protested and demonstrated against Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out Look at me now I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama? I'mma make you look so ridiculous now I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet And I don't know if no one knows it So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it I'mma expose it I'll take you back to '73 Before I ever had a multiplatinumselling CD I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch 'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake I maybe made some mistakes But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun 'Cause I'da killed him shit I would've shot Kim and him both It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing But put yourself in my position just try to envision Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing Going through public housing systems, victim of MÃnchausen's Syndrome My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma? So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma? But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony And Hailie's getting so big now you should see her, she's beautiful But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral! See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom! But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get You selfish bitch I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be! I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry but tonight I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time) I said I'm sorry mama! I never meant to hurt you! I never meant to make you cry, but tonight Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down! OK.. Guess who's back? Back again Shady's back Tell a friend Whaaaaaaaa Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright Stop!.....Pajama time Come here little kiddies, On my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap? And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation (AHAHAHAHAH) No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I done touched on everything, but little boys That's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good God, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes and just glide Up the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bunghole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little poot poot, it's OK! <i>[Fart Sound]<i> Oops my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) Well, it's Friday and it's my day Just to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day Everyday's just a holiday Crusin' on the freeway Feelin' kinda breezy Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow I dunno where I'm goin' All I know is when I get there Someone's gonna touch my body Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair? Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah) Now, what's your name girl? What's your sign? DRE! (AHAH) Beer Goggles! Blind! I'm just tryna unwind now I'm Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail and I don't know what happened They say I was running butt naked Down the street screaming (AHAHAHAHAH) Well I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much I'm not guilty They said, Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!' Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It gets real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves Snap back to reality Look it's B.Rabbit! Yo you signed me up to battle!? I'm a grown man! Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie! Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!) Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?) Black girls White girls Skinny girls Fat girls Tall girls Small girls I'm callin' all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for a little romance or Butt squeezin' it's the season Just go (AHAHAHAH) It's so appeasin' Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah boy shake that ass Oops I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh baby (AHAH) Oh baby, baby (AHAH) UmMmMmm touch my body UmMmMmm touch my body Ooh boy just touch my body Yeah... It's my life... In my own words I guess... Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you? What happens when you become the main source of her pain? Daddy, look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she? I don't know go play, Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rockaby baby... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back... I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying? Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more. Daddy, you're lying. You always say that, you always say this is the last time But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine. She's piling boxes in front of the door tryna block it Daddy, please, Daddy, don't leave, Daddy, no, stop it! Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket It's got a picture, This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with you. I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror These fucking walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em They're saying, You've got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight. Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late. And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on And I'm singing... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back... Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet I take a bow and thank you all for coming out They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing Daddy, it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding. But, baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'. You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad. And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'. That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin. I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going. But, baby, wait. It's too late, Dad, you made your choice. Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us. That's what they want, they want you Marshall They keep screamin' your name It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, kkeep it real I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me? I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it Put it to my brain, scream, Die Shady! and pop it The sky darkens, my life flashes, The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes And burns to ashes That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister Almost as if to say And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So, baby, don't feel no pain Just smile back... compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah.. B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon.. The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke Throw you in a choke  gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer The hooker layer  motherfucker say your prayers Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face take her Gucci bag and the North Face  off her back, jab her if she act funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, The Vapors Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho Swift fist like Camacho, I got so much style I should be down wit the Stylistics Make up to break up <i>[singing in background]<i> niggaz need to wake up Smell the indonesia beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia She don't remember shit! Just the two hits! Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits! Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick And your moms ain't ugly love my dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown I was Humpin Around and Jumpin Around Jacked her then I asked her who's the man she said, BIG Then I bust in her EYE (Yo Big, you're dead wrong) When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G Disrespect me  my potency is deadly I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy Slit the wrist of little sis After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick because he wanted me to fuck him from the back but Smalls don't get down like that Got your father hidin in a room fucked him with the broom Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound Who you think you're dealin with? Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it! Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen The black demon, got the little hookers screamin Because you know I love it young, fresh and green with no hair in between, know what I mean? There's several different levels to Devil worshippin horse's heads, human sacrifices, canibalism candles and exorcism Animals havin sex with 'em camels mammals and rabbits But I don't get into that, I kick the habit  I just, beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh I got a line in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him He's ready for war, I'm ready for war I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore Met on the second, wet on the third compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) I'll sit on you Da da, da da, da da I'll sit on you I will sit on you I'll sit on you Girl you know it's true I'll sit on you Bitch or man I'll sit on you I will sit on you I remain fatter than gluttony Taping bombs to the back of record companies Blow them up if they ain't want me The National Guard, they scared to hunt me I love beef I got you hoes duckin me A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch) It's this lyrical piranha Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom Twist nothin up like a condom Slap it if you fuckers got a problem When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin mausoleum Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM Pull in the garage while you screamin Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!) I'll shit on you! I will bajs on you I don't care who you are (I'll sit On You!) I don't give a fuck about you or your car (I'll sit On You!) Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch (I'll shit On You!) Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family (I'll sit On You!) I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?) Bitch shut your fucking mouth I'm a keep eating 'till Richard Simmons comes to my house With a chain saw to cut me out My fuckin' wife I haven't had sex since I met her I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter And all women ain't shit Only good for cooking, cleaning And sucking dick and that's it (I said it) I was responsible for killing John Candy I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry I don't give a fuck who you are I'll shit on anybody Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre My adolescent years weren't shit 'till what I do now I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in Ignoring the shit how boring it gets When there's no one to hit I don't know when to quit throwing a fit I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me It's they who raised me and say the can take me It's they who legs I brake and make achy It's they who mistake me and make me so angry (I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you Start pissing and do the opposite on you You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch On his skit on his last album Pull my pants down and... Is Richard Pryor still alive? If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?) Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless Your bloodstains are all over this steel God dangit Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling My need I stay strangling I don't need your help If you gon' give me the pussy I'll unloosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!) I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks Buck fifty cross your neck Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest It's only right I jack your car keys and run Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns For fun, when I'm drunk I'll run a truck through the weed house Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout Put you in chokeholds I learned last week From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep (Hey, hey, hey!) I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl That's like DBo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You) So what you hollering and yelling about I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out Niggas get hit with a two piece, Bling Bling With a poisonous sting I'm such a violent thing Once I get on two, hits of X My disk slips and disconnects 'Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects (C'mon, I'll Shit On You!) Over reaction is my only reaction Which only sets off a chain reaction And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too <i>[Bullets spray]<i> A lot of people say misoginistic which is true I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet Boy girl dog woman man child I'll Shit On You! compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (bling bling) Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing What I do, through and through And I give you the news with a twist It's just his ghetto point of view The renegade you been afraid I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block Where they pop toasters, and they live with their moms Got dropped roadsters, from botched robberies niggas crouched over Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked No, he's not around now how that sound to ya, jot it down I'll bring you through the ghetto without riding round Hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in their ways Just read a magazine that fucked up my day How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it? I help them see they way through it, not you. Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes Bet everything you worth you lose your tie and your shirt. Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute 'Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't, then ya'll swallow the truth grin and bear it Now who's the king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics? Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics? Using his music to steer it sharing his views and his merits But there's a huge interference, they're saying, You shouldn't hear it. Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America As a motherfucking drug addict like you didn't experiment? Nah hah, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents You fucking dogooders too bad you couldn't dogood at marriage! And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't Think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo 'Cause here we go, he's Jigga durra Jigga da chk Jigga And I'm the sinister, Mr. KissMyAss is just the Renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler About anything (anything) anything (anything) I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent Gotta vent, lot of innocent lives lost on the project bench What you hollering? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver Doorag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope Do not step to me I'm awkward, I box lefty an orphan My pops left me and often my momma wasn't home Could not stress to me I wasn't grown, especially on nights I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings My demeanor thirty years my senior My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up Raising my fingers to critics, raising my head to the sky Big I did it multi before I die (nigga) No lie, just know I chose my own fate I drove by the fork in the road and went straight. See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modernday Shakespeare Jesus Christ the King of these LatterDay Saints here To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me As a monger of hate, satanist, scatterbrained atheist But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape? Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie While I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics In holy water no wonder they tried to hold me under longer I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you What did I do? (huh) I'm just a kid from the gutter Making his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a motherfucking Renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler About anything (anything) anything (anything) Renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade! Never been afraid to say What's on my mind at any given time of day 'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler compilation <b>Curtain Call The Hits<b> (2005) We missed you! Pussies Stat Quo <i>[gunshot]<i> compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) Shady, we're back and make it bigbigbigbigbbaby no choice I chase cream so.. Shady, we're back I'm gonna die wealthy, boss of the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, ATown's own tre, Aftermath Shady Shady, we're back We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track, nigga Shady I'm in the light dark contract, Shady's back, nigga compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) Boom boom chuck, bboom, Shady! I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back! compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) Shady Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know We run it You know but you acting like you don't know Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know We run it You know but you acting like you don't know You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control Hpnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping Either I'm bobbin my head or I'm just standing there watching I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade Nigga you front you gon' get it, OK now maybe I said it Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding I'm just doing my thang, you know the Unit's the game I got my grimy Shady with me you front you'll have to get me off your ass I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha) It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go) Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know When me and Fif got together to do this music The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, mi nemesis es su nemesis Same for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images But this shit is new gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out When there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody We came to party, Banks, Ca$his and Mr. Ferrari So it's Shady, Aftermizath, back in that ass, you wizzass Come hizzon, what kinda fuzukin' quizition is that? Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Who run it? I say you know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay Slumped over bleeding J.F.K HK to your chest plate cave I'mma ride to the death, do you rep that way? Forever I'mma be a Shady 74 gangsta Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef You keep talking shit now the squad called me Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Ca$his creams Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it? Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Who run it? You know, you acting like you don't know I tear the club up for sure This flow is gon' bring mo dough And you know but you acting like you don't know Who run it? You know who this is Shady, GUnit, Aftermath Lloyd Banks, Ca$his, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F50 It's a movement, you can't stop it compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) Come to an *err and I'm just like (Oh Yeah) And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where) 'Yea boi don't curr' And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where) I'm making hits, my homies taking hits, who's staying compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) We just wanna keep making you proud, heh... Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up, WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!! SLOW UP! THIS GUN IS LOADED!!! ROLL UP! THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!! compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) BTOV Bobby Creek Come sip on my gumdrops I say everyday she be givin it up Shake that ass for me Obie Trice! You better ask somebody compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up Arsenic writer, author with arthritis Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shititis Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed, Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics Who wait for me to slip with it so quick This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit So stop dwelling and I am not failing You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly This is Destiny, yes money I'm off running So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all 'til I get a call that god's coming No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me, no apologies My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin' Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted, 'til my assassination, 'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation 44 mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then... This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC It's what it do just to see if he still has it And if his skills mastered, He's able to spill raps long after his killed, that's a real MC Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me Then expect a longer life expectancy I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning So I'm warning you, don't coax me It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded All they did was ballooned it I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin' And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', and you too, you can Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC This is how I'm supposed to be Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat compilation <b>Eminem Presents The ReUp<b> (2006) Oh oh oh oh oh ooh There is no escaping There's no place to hide You scream, Someone save me! But they don't pay no mind But they don't pay no mind Goodnight, goodbye! You're walkin' down a horror corridor It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a Nightmare, it's horrible Right there's the coroner Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya You're a goner he's onto ya Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience While everybody is watching in the party applauding it Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again Contemplating my next plot again Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman At the Ramada Inn, holdin' on to the pill bottle then Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it Wake up naked at McDonald's with Blood all over me, Dead bodies behind the counter, shit Guess I must have just blacked out again Not again! It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) I said It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) Sitting nude in my living room It's almost noon I wonder what's on the tube Maybe they'll show some boobs Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin Bust all over the wall paneling Dismantlin' every candle On top of the fireplace mantel and Grab my flannel and my bandanna then Kiss the naked mannequin man again You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens Causin' illusions again Brain contusions again Cutting and bruisin' the skin Razors, scissors and pins Jesus, when does it end? Phases, that I go through Dazed and I'm so confused Days that I don't know who Gave these molecules to Me. What am I gon' do? Hey the prodigal son The diabolical one Very methodical when I slaughter them It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) I said It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin Or else it gets the hose again She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin Or else it gets the hose again I cut and I slash slice and gash Last night was a blast I can't quite remember when I had that Much fun off a half pint of the Jack My last Vic and a half A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass I remember the first time I dismembered a family member December I think it was, I was havin' drinks with my cousin I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood I thought, I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun. That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one Oh no there's probably none He can scream all that he wants Top of his lungs, but ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up... up 'Cause it's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) I said It's 3 A.M. in the mornin' Put my key in the door and Bodies layin' all over the floor and I don't remember how they got there But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em) Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise) Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise) Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise) Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise) (Evil rise) Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay Alright, aight, aight, aight, aight, aight Yo, yo Alright, I'mma lay the chorus first Here we go now My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom My mom, my mom I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom Ohho, whoaho But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty And how I became hooked on Vaaliuum Valium was in everything, food that I ate The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak So every day, I'd have at least three stomach aches Now, tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her Son grow up to be an underafuckin'chiever? My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for? Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for? Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin' Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I? Now here's a plate full of painkillers Now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make That retarded fucking face without even tasting it You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there In one fucking place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent? A rack fell and hit me in KMart and they witnessed it Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid My mom There's no one else quite like my mom I know I should let bygones be bygones But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on 'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom My mom loved Valium, now all I am Is a party animal, I am what I am But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach But my buzz only lasts about two minutes But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it I can't even write a rhyme without you in it My Valium, my Vaaaaaaliummmm, ohh Man, I never thought that I could ever be A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me But that's actually What has ended up happening, a tragedy The fucking past ended up catching me And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it? Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat? Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it But I don't need it Well fuck it then, break it up Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin' I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin' Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom My mom, I'm just like her My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my mom, my mom My mom, my momma Me momma, I likea da momma Haha, sorry Mom I still love you though Dr. Dre, 2010 Ay, this shit is hella hard, homie Yo, take us on outta here I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, Bust a nut, get some rest The next day my mother said I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid! The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it, I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane! Did you get him? Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw! Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong! That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off Everything, except his tank top and his training bra Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog? Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane! Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching? Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me? I want you to feel me like my step father felt me (oohh) Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping Shady what the fuck you saying!? I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being No Dad, I said no, I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see! I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like Nightmare on Elm Street But it was X, and they called it Pubic Hair on Chelsea Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet Ohh, it's music to my ears Oh man, how can I describe the way I feel? Fuckin' great, man Okay, let me see, how could I begin? Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Cap'n Crunch Red wine for breakfast and for brunch And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch Mariah, whatever happened to us? Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch You see I never really asked for much I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind After such a nasty break up With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel Nick Cannon better back the fuck up I'm not playin', I want her back you punk This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya You can beat me with any spatula that you want I mean I really want ya bad, you cunt Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture Bagpipes from Baghdad When will it ever cease for Pete's sakes, he's crazy to say the least Bagpipes from Baghdad What's goin' through my mind half the time When my rhyme are blowin' up my Bagpipes from Baghdad Somebody turn the 'Vacancy' sign on 'cause I'm gone blowin' up my Bagpipes from Baghdad I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture I'm the miracle whip, a trickster My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow, man What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharmaceuticals This beautiful pill dust in my palm Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama I cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin' ya Norman You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy You don't know what the fuck you're doin' I ain't playin' no fuckin' more Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore Every minute there's a sucka born Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck On a shucka corn Shucka, shucka corn, shucka corn Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables I bet you they become heterosexual Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles Is what they said, to the two conjoined twins How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend? You need some ointment, just set up an appointment Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip I just got my one year sobriety coin chip When the bad get goin', how bad does the goin' get? Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit And attempt to separate 'em, and stitch them back at the loins, shit Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips, ahoy chip Cookie looky, even took me a Polaroid Hello Allow me to introduce myself My name is Shady It's so nice to meet you It's been a long time I'm sorry I've been away so long My name is Shady I never meant to leave you You see that chick in the gym checking me out? Any second I'm 'bout To stick her neck in my mouth I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wrecking the house That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now? There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse Man I should check to see if my mom left any out Nope, guess I'll reroute Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch Oh! Jackpot! Yeah, 'Open Sesame' mouth Down the hatch and the feeling you can't match it I raptaptap on your door with a damn ratchet Attacktacktacking a whore with a damn hatchet A knapsack packed with like 40some Xanaxes Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lapdances I'm bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniel's Formula 4040 and 40s with bad capsules The bad apple spoils the bunch I'm back at you Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say hello The way your titties are wiggling and your booty's shaking like Jello Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em It just becomes everyday extracurriculum No reason in particular, it was strictly fun A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151 51 people asleep in my damn living room Excuse me hun? But what is your name? Vivian? I woke up next to you naked and uh, did we umm? Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun? I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run Like Speedy Gonzalez to see if I see anyone Who might have a couple of threes, I'm fiending for some My head is pounding to the beat of the drum Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow? Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello Oh, those were the days, they certainly were It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good Wordword, chiwordword, chiwordchichiword I second that and I third, Rush to emergency surgery To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased He's no longer getting them free Hundred bucks for these Percodans Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully search the den Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him Tirelessly on the phone tryna rustle up muscle relaxers For his back and a couple of Paxils Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumbling back Slipped and fell, hit his back, boom, heard something go crack Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap Almost ended it that soon because of the fact I'm just busting my own chops while I'm busting a rap Resuscitated and rejuved so fuck it, I'm back Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow, Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello And so I'm saying, Hello allow me to introduce myself My name is Shady So nice to meet you It's been a long time I'm sorry I've been away so long My name is Shady I never meant to leave you It's like starting over Yo... Same song and dance Damn girl, everywhere I go Same song and dance I like the way you move, all over the globe Same song and dance Something about it, man Same song and dance In the pale moonlight Yo... I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by The whole rapper thing, aren't ya? Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster The police constantly bugging you, nonstop I walk up on ya, Well, hello Tonya I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck You out of gas? Do you got a flat? I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat I got your back Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back And sit up front I'm not asking, it's a trap You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap In broad day, and no mask for this attack I heard 'em say exact opposites attract If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back C'mon Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance The first victim I had, she was a big one Big movie star, a party girl, big fun She was the girl the media always picked on In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once What an event it was, I was sitting in front I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her With 66 inches of extension cord Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance My second victim was even bigger than the first Pop star, icon, the whole works She played a little schoolgirl when she first Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts It irked me, it made me mad at first I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on Was that I had developed a crush I just didn't know how to tell it to her Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like Hello, my love I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up Now would you like to share a pill or two with me? I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent I've been feeling you, oohooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value C'mon toots, give me the Valium alleyoop I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot Now, show me how you move, baby, do how ayou do Yeah baby, do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass That windshield's too strong for you I said, yeah baby, sing that song It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? Same song and dance Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing Same song and dance Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding Same song and dance Yeah Same song and dance I know Guess who? Did you miss me? Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus! When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!) You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!) You're a rock star (Baby!) Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) Player! Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?) We're the ones who made you! Back by popular demand Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand How does it feel Is it fantastic, is it grand? Well look at all the massive masses in the stands Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands On her massive gluteus maximus again Squeeze it then squash it then pass it to a friend Can he come back as nasty as he can? Yes he can, can, don't ask me this again He does not mean to lesbian offend But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten I know you want me girl, in fact I see ya grin Now come in girl! When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!) You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!) You're a rock star (Baby!) Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) Player! Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?) We're the ones who made you! The enforcer, look at the more women to torture Walk up to the cutest girl and charliehorse her Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness? Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then Nail her, Baby, say hello to my little friend Brit, forget KFed, let's cut out the middleman Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge Forget them other men, girl pay them little attention And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench Man, I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch They take a mile, they got style, but it isn't Slim's When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!) You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!) You're a rock star (Baby!) Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) Player! Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?) We're the ones who made you! And that's why, my love, you never live without I know you want me girl 'Cause I can see you're checkin' me out And baby, you know, you know you want me too Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa Why should I wash my filthy mouth out? You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with ya gal but Jessica Alba, put a breast on my mouth, bruh Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis Lord help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica Rest assured, Superman's here to rescue ya Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak Baby, I think you just met your soulmate Now break it down, girl! When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!) You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!) You're a rock star (Baby!) Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) Player! Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?) We're the ones who made you! So baby, baby Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, get down (Baby!) Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, down, down (Baby!) Get down, get down Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good! I can't wait! I'm going back! Ha ha! Woo! Dr. Dre Oh, my goodness What have I done Oh no I can't believe it It's like I've got the whole world in my palm And I'm ready to drop bombs Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca Rebecca It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca That's my sector Homosexual dissector Come again rewind selector I said nice rectum I had a vasectomy Hector So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya I tantalize ya in less than five seconds I get ya They say once bitten and twice shy Well lie next to the guy With nine ecstasy pills and five extra boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities Why yes sir I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser That's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester Dropkick the bitch before her second trimester Perform the home abortion with Dexter Then I guess I'll dig her fetus out With a wire hanger then digest her I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end The world is just my medicine ball you're all in I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends All my West Side bitches throw it up Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up Man I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough So you better change the station to keep from throwing up Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kidding? I'll pee on Rihanna See man I do what I wanna Spray perfume in the sauna room Crazygluing Madonna To the LaZBoy sofa Fold her in two then sit on her Imagine a visual for that man Who would've thought I could ever be such a relentless prick Unleashing his vengeance But the chick's so old She looks like she outlived a life sentence I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive If you weren't so defensive It wouldn't be You're so sensitive I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end The world is just my medicine ball you're all in I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand Here you need a hand, big man, grab hold of this branch With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault His name rhymes with so many different words Jeeze So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please Eminem I'm coming to kill you Always hated you and I still do You'll never fill my shoes My Superman costume Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you You're taking this shit too far Who d'you think you are? Hang my suit up in the armoire Every day I hate you more and more Throw down the cardboard Let's breakdance if you think you're hardcore I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end The world is just my medicine ball you're all in I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends Yo, yo, follow me Come with me to the dark side of the force No man would boldly go to this place The devil only knows of this world So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold Oh so cold, oh Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark A world so dark, a world so cold A world where only some will go But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows Stay wide awake Fefifofum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December I see my target, put my car in park and approach a tender Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you might've Heard of me before, see whore You're the kind of girl that I'd assault and rape Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider Fuck you with an umbrella Then open it up while the shit's inside ya I'm the kind of guy that's mild But I might flip and get a little bit wilder Impregnate a lesbian, yeah Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll disintegrate them babies As soon as they're out her with formaldehyde and cyanide Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of Murderin', I'd rather go vinnvinn, and now you see just how the Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark A world so dark, a world so cold A world where only some will go But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows Stay wide awake So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy It's making me play hideandseek like Jason, I'm so hungry She's naked, see, no privacy but I can see she wants me So patient, see, I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me? Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep And I creep right through the front, see So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me? He's raping me, she tries to scream Somebody please get him off me He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny She's scraping me, she's fighting me She's scratching like some dumb freak Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing To quite a different drum beat Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark A world so dark, a world so cold A world where only some will go But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows Stay wide awake Better try to stay wide awake Or you might end up found dead by the lake Soon as you lay me down to sleep Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take Pray for light of day right away Why do they try to fight today? I must make them pay twice as much Might as well put the knife away Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower? Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya Must've just heard the sound of my stomach Growling from down there Prowler, there's no one fouler Bound ya, that's how they found ya Face down in the tub, I drown ya With piles of downers around ya Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars Jabba the Hutt, beddybyebye Beddybyebye, it's time to diedie Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand There's no gun in hand Where's the thrill in the hunt? There's no fun in that, here I come with axe Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking 'em up with that What was that? Dial 911, someone's coming in from the back Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark A world so dark, a world so cold A world where only some will go But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows You are now free to smoke about the cabin  And an emergency squirt gun to spray A1  You are now smoking with the best (the best)  And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain  And let's go You are now smoking with the best (the best) And as simple as cake Dre, get on the mic and make them dribble and shake  This won't hurt a damn bit,  Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing I smell something in the air that's making me high I said I smell something in the air that's making me high (Ok here we go) doremefasofasolatidaso Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco You motherfuckers must just not know the ticktock, so Time to show you the most kickass flow in the cosmos Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole Tictactoe comes with sixpack with Exacto Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso Big bags of the grass, ZigZags, I'm with the Doc, so You know how that go, skull and the crossbones This is poison to boys and girls who do not know You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato This is neither the time nor the place to get macho So crack a sixpack, sit back with some nachos Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow It's not what you expected, not what you thought, so 'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill You're submitting to skill, sitting still I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real Faced with a dilemma I can be Dalai Lama And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza How many people you know Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row? Put 'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper Name the time and place from the body, the bag, the zipper Location of the woods Where the body was dragged and then dumped The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate And which model, which lake they found her in How they attacked the victim Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one Which knife and which gun, hat kid, what wife, and which nun Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be? Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a Linn Drum Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a Titanium cranium that's full of sur Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes You stare into your stereos high Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing I ain't even smoke anything I ain't even drinking It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me D.M.C. we have a mid 30s male Found down unresponsive Possible over dose Substance unknown Pulse is 60 and thready Respiration's 8 he's intubated And we're bagging him now Uuh B.P. 90 over palp Patient cool pale and diaphoretic Has aspirated Uuh G.S.C. is 3 We'll update en route E.T.A. 10 minutes As I fall deeper into a manic state I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate Start off with the NyQuil like I think I'll just have a taste Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate To a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great I go to take just one and I end up like having eight Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak And you'd think with all I have at stake Look at my daughter's face... Mommy, something is wrong with dad, I think. He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me. Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me. And all he does is eat dorritos and cheetos. And he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat. Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know, Feels like I been down this road before. So lonely and cold. It's like something takes over me, Soon as I go home and close the door. Kinda feels like dÃjÃ vu. I wanna get away from this place I do. But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't And why? I just don't know... Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year And that fucker still talks to me he is all I can fucking hear Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game it's the cowboys and buccaneers. And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time Who's that mastermind behind that little line? With that kind of rational man I got half a mind To have another half of glass of wine sound asinine Ya I know But I never had no problem with alcohol Ouch, look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball Shit must have knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I? Man fuck am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache Shit half a Vicodin, why can't I? All systems ready for take off, please, stand by Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know, Feels like I been down this road before, So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me, Soon as I go home and close the door, Kinda feels like dÃjÃ vu. I wanna get away from this place I do. But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't And why? I just don't know... So I take a vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ah A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by Wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun didn't die Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes? Now here I am three months later full blown relapse Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take 3 naps Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see That's an Ambien each nap how many Valium? Three. And that will average out to about one good hours sleep OK, so now you see the reason how come he Has taken four years just to put out an album beat See me and you we almost had the same outcome heath Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing It was Bologna was it the methadone ya think Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos Your VCR tape cases with you Ambient CR great places to hide ain't it So you can lie to Hallie I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance They said they found me on the bathroom floor... Damn Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know, Feels like I been down this road before, So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me, Soon as I go home and close the door. Kinda feels like dÃjÃ vu. I wanna get away from this place I do. But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't. Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own Everybody has a private world where they can be alone Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you? I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump If I could just get over this hump But I need something to pull me out this dump, I took my bruises, took my lumps Fell down and I got right back up But I need that spark to get psyched back up In order for me to pick the mic back up I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in I'm starting to feel distant again So I decided just to pick this pen Up and try to make an attempt to vent But I just can't admit Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow But I just can't sit back and wallow In my own sorrow But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow One tough act to follow I'll be one tough act to follow Here today, gone tomorrow But you'd have to walk a thousand miles In my shoes, just to see What it's like, to be me I'll be you, let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to Feel your pain, you feel mine Go inside each other's minds Just to see what we find Look at shit through each other's eyes But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful Oh, they can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, yeah, so... I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor Everything is so tense and gloom I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room Just as soon as I walk in It's like all eyes on me So I try to avoid any eye contact 'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention I just want to be just like you Blend in with the rest of the room Maybe just point me to the closest restroom I don't need no fucking man servant Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass Laugh at every single joke I crack And half of them ain't even funny like Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown So why don't you all sit down? Listen to the tale I'm about to tell Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles In my shoes, just to see What it's like, to be me I'll be you, let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to Feel your pain, you feel mine Go inside each other's minds Just to see what we find Look at shit through each other's eyes But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful Oh they can all get fucked. Just stay true to you so Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful Oh they can all get fucked. Just stay true to you so Nobody asked for life to deal us With these bullshit hands we're dealt We gotta take these cards ourselves And flip them, don't expect no help Now I could have either just Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned Or take this situation in which I'm placed in And get up and get my own I was never the type of kid To wait by the door and pack his bags Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed For a dad to show up who never did I just wanted to fit in In every single place Every school I went I dreamed of being that cool kid Even if it meant acting stupid Aunt Edna always told me Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that Meanwhile I'm just standin' there Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this 'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more But I already told you my whole life story Not just based on my description 'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting It's probably 110% different I guess we would have to walk a mile In each other's shoes, at least What size you wear? I wear tens Let's see if you can fit your feet In my shoes, just to see What it's like, to be me I'll be you, let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to Feel your pain, you feel mine Go inside each other's minds Just to see what we find Look at shit through each other's eyes But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful Oh, they can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, yeah, so... Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own Everybody has a private world where they can be alone... So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh? Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you? So oh oh Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong. Daddy will be home soon And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are Even if it sounds corny, Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful Ooww ladies and gentlemen The moment you've all been waiting for.. In this corner weighing 175 pounds, With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders, The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world Slim Shady! So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto Ooh ooh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? I notice there's so many of 'em And there's really not that many of us. and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust. It's on till the break of dawn And we're starting this party from dusk OK... let's go Back wit Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk Fix your musk, you'll just be another one bit the dust Just one of my mothers son who got thrown under the bus Kiss my butt. Lick the fumunda cheese from under my nuts It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks It's a must I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed. Bitches lust. Man, they love me when I lay in the cut. Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut. Now picture us. it's ridiculous you curse at the thought 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room. I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes. So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto Ooh ooh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? I notice there's so many of 'em And there's really not that many of us. and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust. It's on till the break of dawn And we're starting this party from dusk Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre They see that low rider go by, they're, like, Oh, my! You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why. I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre. I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me. But hey, what else can I say? I love LA. 'Cause over and above all, it's just another day And this one begins where the last one ends. Pick up where we left off and get smashed again. I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz. Driving around with a smashed front end Let's cash that one in. Grab another one from out the stable The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado The hell if I know. Do I want leather seats or vinyl? Decisions, decisions Garage looks like Precision Collision. Or Maaco beats quake like Waco Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto Ooh ooh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? I notice there's so many of 'em And there's really not that many of us. and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust. It's on till the break of dawn And we're starting this party from dusk And I take great pleasure in introducing 50 Cent It's bottle after bottle The money ain't a thing when you party with me It's what we into, it's simple We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, I'm King Kong Get rolled on, wrapped up, and reigned on I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm Bring the shaun dawn, burn marajaun, do what you want Nigga, on and on till the break of what Get the paper, man, I'm caking, you know, I don't give a fuck I spend it like it don't mean nothing Blow it like it's supposed to be blown Motherfucker I'm grown I stunt, I style, I flash the shit I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick Fat ass burgundy bags, classy shit, Jimmy Choos shoes I say move a bitch move So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto Ooh ooh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? I notice there's so many of 'em And there's really not that many of us. and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust. It's on till the break of dawn A lot of people ask me Where the fuck I've been at the last few years Shit I don't know But I do know  I'm back now. Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, you'll wonder how Looking for me, I'm underground Dre. I'm down here under the ground Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up 60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads Enough oxicotton to send a fucking ox to rehab Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that) Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy, NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy NO! It can't be, it can't be Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies Milk and cookies spilled on my silk Negligee lookie Razor blades with me to make you bleed, Cases of Maybelline makeup laying on the table of weed Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee. Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, you'll wonder how Looking for me, I'm underground Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay. Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, you'll wonder how Looking for me, I'm underground Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult! Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too Came out with a little scratch, ooh Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to, Get it? Headed off to (haha) Medic this headache's awful This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I've disappeared, you'll wonder how Looking for me, I'm underground So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this. And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share. Thanks. Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening? Yeah I got something I want to share. When you walked through the door you were queer to me So come here baby boy, just come here to me You're a cock boy, everybody wants you You're gayer than you would ever claim to I won't have to rape you So homie lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down lay down. Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a OK wait, I got another one Look, if I were to rap About the crap That's out That's the route You'd probably want me to take 'Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think And my take on some other rappers If I was to say something about Paul Wall, You'd probably crap in your pants, 'Cause I'm white, and he's white, So he's like my competition I mean, right? Nope, Paul Wall is dope And so's Bubba, so But I don't compete with nobody I just go hard, do the ropeadope Ali Shuffle, And dance around my opponents, do donuts Sometimes I play possum Like I'm asleep it's awesome I'm like a sleeping giant, And when I awake I'm like Dre I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em full of poison And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem I was taught if you're gonna murder somebody you should face em Tell em why, Look them dead in the eye, Then waste 'em And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell In the shadows of all who are willing to sell Their souls for this rap game and it goes 1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3, That ain't the hook, now follow me There's nothing else for me to say, My public adores me Everybody bores me, They're just so corny So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror The mirror grows lips and it whispers, Come nearer. My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body Shady, I know you're in there somewhere. Come here. Talk to me, sit. Here, pull up a chair. Why don't you cut your hair? Dye it back, come on, try it. No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you? But I'm here to rebuild you. But I already killed you! But Shady, we were meant for each other. Think about your mother. Yeah so what of her? Well think about what she did to you and your little brother. All them foster homes., Fuck you motherfucker! I had you beat No I was playin' possum. Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom. I gave you enough time. Your soul's mine. I'm taking it back. You fucking bitch why!? Because I love you. Look a little closer. Isn't that us on that poster? My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body Shady, listen... (Shady!) You hear that? They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back But I don't want it back! Yes you do. No I don't! Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later! No I won't! I'mma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday Well I got him on the phone right now! (Slim!) You're lying, Yo Slim, How, why now! What up Dre? Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya. I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your Drugs, you became a lot softer But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka Well, just think about it Slim, I don't care. Just hit me back, and let me know what's up Fuck this mirror! I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you. Let me guide you Fuck you, die you son of a bitch Put the gun down, Bye bye! OK I'm still alive, So am I too! You can't kill a spirit, even if you tried to You sold your soul to me. Need I remind you? You remember that night you prayed to God You'd give anything to get a record deal. Well Dre signed you This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right ooh? Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, wooo! Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too That you're just now seeing the downside to Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too Ain't even sure if your kids like you Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle But together we can break the cycle. Marshall. What! No one's gonna love you like I do! My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, 'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body I said, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling, You and me were meant to be together my darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling, Concert after concert You either loved it or hate it My back has been broke, and I can still walk Come back on you tenfold I said Come back on you tenfold I've already told you at least Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the shit Come back on you tenfold I said It may not mean nothing to y'all But understand nothing was done for me So I don't plan on stopping at all I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man I'm shutting shit down in the mall And telling every girl she the one for me And I ain't even planning to call I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man Last name Ever First name Greatest Like a sprained ankle boy I ain't nothing to play with Started off local but thanks to all the haters I know GIV pilots on a first name basis In your city faded off the brown, Nino She insist she got more class, we know Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo Dropped the mixtape that shit sounded like a album Who'd have thought a countrywide tour'd be the outcome Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm Everybody got a deal, I did it without one Yeah nigga I'm about my business Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness Bitches It may not mean nothing to y'all But understand nothing was done for me So I don't plan on stopping at all I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man I'm shutting shit down in the mall And telling every girl she the one for me And I ain't even planning to call I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man Ever ever Mr. West is in the building Ain't no question who about to kill 'em I used to have hood dreams Big fame, big chains I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came I went hard all fall like the ball teams Just so I can make it rain all spring Y'all seen my story my glory I had raped the game young You can call it statutory When a nigga blow up they gon' build statues of me Old money Benjamin Button, what, nothing Now super bad chicks giving me McLovin You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't You're such a fucking loser He ain't even go to class Bueller Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act They pull the cameras out and God damn they snap I used to want this thing forever y'all can have it back It may not mean nothing to y'all But understand nothing was done for me So I don't plan on stopping at all I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man I'm shutting shit down in the mall And telling every girl she the one for me And I ain't even planning to call I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man OK, hello it's the Martian Space Jam Jordans I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden Fresher than the harvest Step up to the target If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops But what should I scream for this is my theme park My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk Let the king talk check the price and pay attention Lil Wayne that's what they got to say or mention I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas No brake pads, no such thing as last It may not mean nothing to y'all But understand nothing was done for me So I don't plan on stopping at all I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man I'm shutting shit down in the mall And telling every girl she the one for me And I ain't even planning to call I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man There they go, packing stadiums as Shady spits his flow Nuts they go, Macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa He can make them look like Bozos He's wondering if he should spit this slow Fuck no! Go for broke His cup just runneth over, oh no He ain't have a buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose Back into the game and they know Rap will never be the same as before Bashing in the brains of these hoes And establishing a name as he goes The passion and the flame is ignited You can't put it out once we light it This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot You dealing with a few true villains Who stand inside of the booth truth spilling And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths Now rewind it! Payback motherfucker for the way that you got at me how's it taste? When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place So Drake It may not mean nothing to y'all But understand nothing was done for me So I don't plan on stopping at all I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man I'm shutting shit down in the mall And telling every girl she the one for me And I ain't even planning to call I want you to understand something That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire But I feel like a million bucks, Ladies won't you fill your cups? Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a Ccup You can even be a B, it's just me and DRE You'll be in the ER, we are strapped with so much TNT We may blow, no, not even CPR from the EMT Can help you to resuscitate, You bustas must be flustered, wait You can't cut the mustard, What's your problem, can't you bust a grape? (chk chk) What's my name? Shady came to crush the game Instantly, not even fair to them cause they pale in comparisons So much they might as well wear a skin, don't you wish you could just share his pen? Cause this shit is getting embarrassing, the fog is thick and the air is thin Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, Dadidadidadadi He makes it look so easy, Girl you just hit the lottery Now this would be the part of the song Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose Try to restrain us, you can't contain us We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do Everywhere we go, it seems we looking For any excuse to just cut loose So this would be the part of the song Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose This is when shit hits the fan like it just flat out don't stand This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums (It makes them stay in a trance, No choice, they have to dance) It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse DRE is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the Chronic use You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof Yeah, man, ain't that the truth? Girl, your mans is like in the booth Definitely back up in this bitch, You swing? All hell breaks loose Now this would be the part of the song Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose Try to restrain us, you can't contain us We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do Everywhere we go, it seems we looking For any excuse to just cut loose So this would be the part of the song Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words I'm murdurin the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do' Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me Born and raised in the CPT, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep It fits, perfect In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once Buffalo Bill, BuffaBuffalo Bill Pull the lever then, trapdoor, death is evident What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer? Booyah, who ya think you're fuckin with duck because here he comes again All aboard, okay, next stop, my basementâ ha ha I'll meet you down there There once was a saying that I used to say Back in the day when I met Dre I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof He said What if you went platinum? I'd just laugh at him That's not happening, that I can't fathom Eightysomething million records worldwide later, I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touchÃ me Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele Woopsathatafuckingdaisy That's a nono even she knows dada's fucking crazy Fucking animal, cuckoo, bananas, fucking A B Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby You may think it's 'cause of the way that I was brought up But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters Every line I ever said has got me in a corner You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started Now your brain's all haunted 'cause of all the shit you thought of Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust I never thought it'd come to this, I ought to just be honest but There once was a saying that I used to say Back in the day when I met Dre I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof He said What if you went platinum? I'd just laugh at him That's not happening, that I can't fathom Eightysomething million records worldwide later, I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert, and Aiken ain't gonna make it They get so mad, when I call them both faggots all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it You're standing adjacent to Jason, slash, Leatherface, and Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination I lashed at the doctor in my last operation Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away somebody please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him Homie, I'm the ScheiÃe, ask Doctor Dreizehn I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son No, not anow, not a chance, not today son I can't believe I leave for one brief second And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it There once was a saying that I used to say Back in the day when I met Dre I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof He said What if you went platinum? I'd just laugh at him That's not happening, that I can't fathom Eightysomething million records worldwide later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwaveI Thinking 'bout an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em Yeah, for every time you ride down the street Or hideout, drive by my house and beep Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep Lie down fucker (baa), try countin' sheep And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef? Mace in your face bitch, cry now pussy This is my house, all nine thousand feet So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top Stand above em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop! There once was a saying that I used to say Back in the day when I met Dre I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof He said What if you went platinum? I'd just laugh at him That's not happening, that I can't fathom Eightysomething million records worldwide later, I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit This must be all that there is, this must be it FuckingA even got a bidet to wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off I can just toss a flying saucer in it The shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy, Come on man, come on man, okaaaay, It feels so wrong cause it feels so right, But its all right, its ok with me, I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me, But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance, But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm Taking My Ball and going home, hooome, I'm that guy man, Shove a diamond up my hind end, And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals, Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles, While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl, Now lets cuddle, Blood curdling your gurgling on your blood, What I do for my next trick, Im feeling wonderful, I think I might just do something a little less subtle, Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole, Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin I slash her in the ass with a icicle And leave her laying a blood bath While I put a catheter in And jump in the bath with her, In my spiderman mask man Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on, Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon, Are those pistachio's damn, I'd like to have some, Laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one, Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on, God damn man are you that much of an asshole, I'm like houdini, Tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie, Make the shit disappear like tara reid in a bikini, believe me homie, You don't know the meaning of a meanie, They call me the fruit loop from jupiter, I'm trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot, Dont move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula You aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus, Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studio Now who do ya think is more fruitier, Weenier smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice, You should've seen it mother, I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card, Then I'll go meet Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart Then mosy on over to RosieoDonnell's With McDonald's jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos.. Shady what are you doing chewing on a human, Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM! Assuming the fact that dudes in the back room Using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon, Skewing a rat a cat screwing a baboon, You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom, You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds, You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance ooh, But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair And make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for, Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk? Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed, Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet, No wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed, You like graffiti dike, well I can pee pee and write your name, Fine nobody wants to play with me  Fuck you then bitch! You guys are always mean to me anyways  All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff You guys are gonna make me...make me sad I'm sad I'm gonna cry...I'm crying Yeah, girl. Can you hear that? It's playing our song. Are you sleepy? Take a nap. You're not afraid of the dark, are you? You hear the beat as it makes you not wanna go to sleep. I knock on Dakota's door. It's locked so I go to creep 'Round the back with binoculars not 'cause I wanna peep But because I'm hungry. She smells like Tacos I wanna eat. Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet. With sugar plums. Oh, look, here comes Marshall! He's on your street! He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet. Now walk on 'em. He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek. Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham, Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam. Flavor my favorite Graham crackers with JonBenÃt Rams'. I guess a modernday Jack The Ripper is all that I am. My music box. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me. Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me. So when you call, I come, I will answer. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. I hear my music box playing a song for me. So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me? And would you be my private little dancer? I almost look comatose. Who wants to be sober gross? I foam like a Doberman. Mouth open. I overdose. Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes and I plug my nose. My pupils quadruple in size. Eyes are so bugged. I know. I put on my mother's makeup, get naked and run around Wavin' the gun around. I think I'm down to a hundred pounds. There's thunder. I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out. The devil's upset with his wife. They must be sluggin' it out. I must be buggin' the fuck out, But what the fuck about? Voices are leading me up to the attic. I love my house. They pull and they tug my blouse. The sound of a music box comes from inside a toy chest. But what do I do? It's locked. I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts. I dig 'til I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts. It's playing a song so beautiful, and the room is dark. The moon is full. I smell a funeral. Guess I'll loom in the park. My music box. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me. Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me. So when you call, I come, I will answer. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. I hear my music box playing a song for me. So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me? And would you be my private little dancer? I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's neck like a Pixy Stix. The sick Satanworshippin' Bitches get horsewhippings. I'm in the back. Through the back door slipping through the crack Leavin' the corpse drippin'. The mortician of love sent from above. Forced entry. The more wenchy the more stingy I become. Been doin' this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb. Am I dreamin'? Is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns. The time has come to tie her up. Gotta roll me the ladder. I've had enough of the chatter. Climb up to the window, look at her. Then climb in slow to shatter Her brain matter And batter Her with the bat. A matter of fact that will splatter her. But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her. Give her two compliments, backtoback, like Tabitha, I'm your secret admirer. I'm back to ravish you. So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula. Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her. Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her. Zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera. Stand back 'cause here comes your man Jack. So, Pamela... My music box. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me. Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me. So, when you call, I come, I will answer. 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep. I hear my music box playing a song for me. So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me? Yeah boy, dem better to ring the alarm boy, Dem know what's coming boy, Oh my God, fucking Bomboclat I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire, Tie a whore up with barbwire, nothing but a bra boy, I'm the real deal, and charbroil her on the bonfire, And Bon Voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar dee in this bitch send a bomb to my moms lawyer Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer, Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya, Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales, Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels, But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield Mister flybytheseatofhispants parasail Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts And I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada, Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da Drop the bomb on em, Please don't drop the bomb on me, Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me, Drop the bomb on them, I don't want no doggone beef, See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me, Drop the bomb on em, Please don't drop the bomb on me, Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me, Drop the bomb on em I dont want the dog on me, See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me, Boy, I'm the real McCoy, You little boys can't even fill voids, Party's over kids, kill the noise, Here come the kill joys, Me and Dre the steel alloys, The rap crown royals, Who scalp cowboys Now how that sound for ya, Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya, So kick ya shoes off in the foyer Have a sound voyage, And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow, Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara, And have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar, Whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw, Yeah you fresher than most boy, I'm just doper than all boy, Boy I'm that boy, boy them boys boy them no up to par, I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot, There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star, Boy, I told you boy, I'm a Soldier boy, I'm DeShaun, Holten in this bitch, I'm the Proof boy your a fraud, I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod Oh my god boy, you didn't go there, no you did not, I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot, Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not, Apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock, We get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop, All I got to do is point to the spot, When the bomb drops boy does it drop, And when it does boy there's a problem, Boy dont jinx yourself, Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt, Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself, I'm sick as hell boy, You better run and tell someone else, Bringing hell, boy singing telegrams will get dealt, And to that boy on them sedative meds Who said he was better, I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater, Back better than ever, The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder I'll settle vendettas a little later, Giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake, By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate You 'bout one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave, Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit, Couldn't agree with ya more, If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink, Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink, It just floats in the fucking water, till we fill up the tank, 'Cause some things just don't change It's better when they stay the same Although the whole world knows your name So on a bigger stage They came to see you spit your game But it shouldn't be difficult to explain Just why you came back again, you hate the fame Love the game, cold as ice you remain Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again So, god damn... is it that time again already Haha, you don't look too happy to see me Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once All right, fuck y'all then You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy And my nuts, licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy? You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny! Shorty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker The shit is on, 'cause you went and pissed me off Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody Give a fuck if it's right or wrong So buck the Buddha, light a bong But take a look at Mariah Next time I inspire you to write a song, c'mon Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows When it snows and it's twenty below Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know I'm as cold as the cold wind blows bloblobloblobloblows Oh oh oh oh oh Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth Y'all are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker I'll show you pussyfooting, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt 'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion Who the fuck is you pushin', you must've mistook me for some sissy Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom Go ahead, fucking hater push me I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy Man the fuck up sissy, G's up All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (Shady ease up!) Man chill, nah I can't god dammit Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil These are shoes that you can't fill Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still During an earthquake, urine in your face 'Cause you're fake, ah what the fuck, that hurt wait! Ah what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening Alright then I quit, god I give up Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do This is for your sins, I cleanse you You can repent but I warn you, if you continue To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows When it snows and it's twenty below Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know I'm as cold as the cold wind blows bloblobloblobloblows Oh oh oh oh oh How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day 'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say So long, 'til then I drop the fucking bombs Like I miss the pass when I went long If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women When Aquaman drowns and the human torch starts swimming Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo So don't compare me to them other bums over there It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you I put that on everything, like everyone does with autotune The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme And say I was writing this and I thought of you so Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows When it snows and it's twenty below Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blobloblobloblobloblows Oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh oh oh oh oh I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this way I don't know, I don't know but I'll probably be this way 'til my dying day I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold mean things I don't mean to say Before I start this song, man I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient And bearing with me over these last couple of years While I figure this shit out Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talking to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I come from Can anybody hear me, yeah? I guess I keep talking to myself It feels like I'm going insane Am I the one who's crazy, yeah? So why in the world do I feel so alone Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there Who feels the way I feel If there is, Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes But there was no one who even knew I was going through growin' pains Hatred was flowing through my veins On the verge of going insane I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin' I felt horrible about myself He was spitting and I wasn't Anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it Almost went at Kanye too God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic Thank God that I didn't do it I'da had my ass handed to me And I knew it but Proof isn't here to see me through it I'm in the booth popping another pill tryna talk myself into it Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason? Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying Your health is declining with your selfesteem, you're crying out for help Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talking to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I come from Can anybody hear me, yeah? I guess I keep talking to myself It feels like I'm going insane Am I the one who's crazy, yeah? So why in the world do I feel so alone Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there Who feels the way I feel If there is, Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow All I know is I'm wallowin', selfloathing and hollow Bottoms up on the pill bottle Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow My sorrow echoes in this hall though But I must be talking to the wall though I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talking to myself) But all these other rappers suck is all that I know I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado But Marshall is not an egomaniac that's not his motto He's not a desperado he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled Inside him, one foot on the brake one on the throttle Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot of McDonald's But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough It isn't them it's you you fuckin' baby Quit worrying about what they do and do shady I'm fucking going crazy Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talking to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I come from Can anybody hear me, yeah? I guess I keep talking to myself It feels like I'm going insane Am I the one who's crazy, yeah? So why in the world do I feel so alone Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there Who feels the way I feel If there is, Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around It's different them last two albums didn't count Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out I've come to make it up to you now, no more fucking around I've got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I've let em down So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no Signs of slowing up, pulling up, blowing up, all over My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos I'm back with a vengeance, homie, Weezy keep ya head up, T.I., keep ya head up, Kanye, keep ya head up, Don't let up, just keep slaying em Rest in Peace to DJ AM 'Cause I know what it's like I struggle with this shit every single day and um... Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talking to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I come from Can anybody hear me, yeah? I guess I keep talking to myself It feels like I'm going insane Am I the one who's crazy, yeah? So why in the world do I feel so alone Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there Who feels the way I feel If there is, Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one So there it is (there it is) Damn It feels like I just woke up or something I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man Ay yo And to anybody I thought about going at, it was never nothing personal, just some shit I was going through And to everybody else... Yeah. You know?.. Critics, man Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man You know the one thing I notice about critics, man? Is critics never ask me how my day went Well I'mma tell 'em Yesterday my dog died, I hogtied a ho, tied her in a bow Said, Next time you blog, try to spit a flow. You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo' I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro Better hold on a little tighter here I go Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider Coldhearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow So you better get lower than FloRida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole Why am I like this? Why is winter cold? Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes? Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault Those are your wounds this is the salt So get lost Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it Grab the scissors and saws and Cut out your livers gizzards and balls Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll 'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold You're on fire Man, I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit You're on fire You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole HipHop Shop to blow You're on fire, you're on fire I just put a bullshit hook in between two longass verses if you mistook this for a song, look This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook That the crook just took over so book Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan Mr Mathers is the man Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can Come back and whip your ass with it again Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine Yeah ask Denaun, man Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon Fuck it I ain't playing Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying, Vietnam vet, I'm out my fuckin' mind, man Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care Then why the fuck am I yelling at air I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair You're on fire That's how you know you're on a roll 'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold You're on fire Man, I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie You're on fire You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole HipHop Shop to blow You're on fire, you're on fire You can sound the alarm You can call out your guards You can fence in your yard You can hold all the cards But I won't back down Oh no I won't back down Oh no Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles Brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels Girl I'm too for real Lose your tooth and nails Try to fight it, try to deny it Stupid you will feel What I do, I do at will Shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill Half a breath left on my death bed Screaming, F that! yeah super ill Baby what the deal We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal Fuck a steak slut I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill Listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool You know the fucking drill How you douchebags feel knowing you're disposable? Summer's Eve Massengill Shady's got the mass appeal Baby crank the shit 'Cause it's your goddamn jam You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact Well shorty I'm that man These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man Get it? Calm Batman. Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts Lines are like mom's CAT scans 'Cause they fucking go bananas Honey I applaud that ass Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance Ma, show 'em how it's done Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah You can sound the alarm You can call out your guards You can fence in your yard You can hold all the cards But I won't back down Oh no I won't back down Oh no Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's Make like Michael J. Fox in the drawers playin' with an etchasketch Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door People hit the floors Yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced Girl forget remorse, I'mma hit you broads With Chris's force like you pissed him off Talented with the tongue motherfucker You ain't got a lick in yours Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores Makin' cash registers shit their drawers Think you spit the rawest I'm an uncooked slab of beef Laying on your kitchen floor In other words I'm off the meat rack Bring the beat back Bring in two extension cords I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more Fuck my dick's big bitch Need I remind you That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig? You're addicted I'm dope I'm the longest needle around here Need a fix up I'm the big shot Get it dicksnots? You're just small pokes little pricks Girl you think that other prick's hot I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match 'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter Better call the cops on him quick fast Shady's right back on your bitch ass White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback Trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch) You can sound the alarm You can call out your guards You can fence in your yard You can hold all the cards But I won't back down Oh no I won't back down Oh no Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping? Does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup 'til he burps And smoke purp? Does a word search get circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through? I'd like you to remind yourself Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic Or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to Psych I'm spiking you like a football Been this way since I've stood a foot tall You're a good catch with a shitty spouse Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw Gimme good brain Watch the wood grain, Don't want no cum stain Bitch, you listening? Tryna turn me down Slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up Are you insane tryna talk over me in the car Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin' I'mma shit stain on the underwear of life What's the saying? Where there's thunder there's lightning And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place Then how the fuck have I been hit six times In three different locations On four separate occasions? And you can bet your stinking ass That I've come to smash everything in my path Fork was in the road took the psycho path Poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash So hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone Shake your booty shorty I'm the shit Why you think Proof used to call me Doody? You can sound the alarm You can call out your guards You can fence in your yard You can hold all the cards But I won't back down Oh no I won't back down Yeah! Oh! Get up! Where my dreads at? I said get up! You know what happens when I'm around, man Let's go! Better watch out, now Here we come (come) And we ain't stoppin' until We see the mornin' sun (sun) So give us room to do our thing 'Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (one) So everybody come and get up on the floor Now and grab someone (one) Man first of all I'm a boss I just wanna get that across Man even my dentist hates when I floss Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche Garbage bag for one of the windows Spraypainted doors with the flames on 'em Michigan plates and my name's on 'em Baby, Shady's here come and get him If you dames want him But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him? 'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance? She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps Down and show this hussy who's the man Now, get amped, dance! Now you can do this on your own But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone So get on the floor and grab somebody! Ain't nothin' but a white trash party! So let's have us a little bash And if anyone asks It ain't no one but us trash You don't know, you better ask somebody 'Cause we're havin' a white trash party! Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear And walk around the party without a care Like a body without a head Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get outta bed 'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' Die Santa! Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin' They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin' 'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin' Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's From the north, east and west, but when It comes to them trailers in them South Parks Muffle it, 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy C'mon Now you can do this on your own But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone So get on the floor and grab somebody! Ain't nothin' but a white trash party! So let's have us a little bash And if anyone asks It ain't no one but us trash You don't know, you better ask somebody 'Cause we're havin' a white trash party! Now whether you're black, white or purple If you're misunderstood But you don't give a fuck You ain't doin' shit that you should Long as you know you're up to evil And you're no damn good Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood Now honey, don't let them pricks trip We should make a quick dip And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot 'Cause girl I got a sick whip Kick the back window outta my Gremlin Put two milk crates in the trunk Rip out the stick shift and Make a fiveseater I'll be damned if I feed a chick It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita I'll be the SL to the IM to the SHADY And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater I'll rip a tree out the ground And flip it upside down 'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown I'll tell you now I'm so raw I still need to unthaw You feel me, y'all? I shut the club down like Drake in the mall But baby, a body like that's against the law You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car Now get up! Now you can do this on your own But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone So get on the floor and grab somebody! Ain't nothin' but a white trash party! So let's have us a little bash And if anyone asks It ain't no one but us trash You don't know, you better ask somebody I'm going through changes. I'm going through changes. Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly, Feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining, But life keeps on complicating, and I'm debating On leaving this world this evening, even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it, But I can't. Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty, When inside I'm dying. I am finally realizing I need help. Can't do it myself. Too weak. Two weeks I've been having ups and downs, Going through peaks and valleys, Dillydallying 'round with the idea of ending the shit right here. I'm hatin' my reflection. I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors. I can't stand what I look like, yeah. I look fat, but what do I care? I give a fuck. Only thing I fear is Hailie, I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her. Shit. I'm going through changes. I'm going through changes. I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon. Yeah, dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you. Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills? And you falling off with your skills? And your own fans are laughin' at you? It become a problem. You're too pussy to tackle, get up. Be a man, stand. A real man would've had this shit handled. Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed. They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust. Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that. He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first. But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse. Now I'm popping Vics, Percs and Methadone pills. Yeah, Em, tight verse. You killed it. Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men. And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it. It's in their best interest to protect their investment. And I just lost my fuckin' best friend. So, fuck it, I guess then... I'm going through changes. (don't know what I'm gonna do) I'm going through changes. (but I just keep on going through changes.) My friends can't understand this new me. That's understandable, man, but think how bananas you'd be. You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo. And everybody's lookin' at you. What you want me to do? I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is Fame's startin' to give me an excuse to be at a alltime low. I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD Of the first tour. The last tour he was still alive. And it hurts. So, I fast forward. Sleepin' pills will make me feel alright. And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night, I'll just take a couple more. Yeah, you're motherfuckin' right. I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound. Almost in a coma. Yeah, homie, come on dole 'em out. Daddy, don't you die on me. Daddy, better hold your ground. Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice? Yeah, baby hold me down. I'm going through changes. (Don't know what I'm gonna do) I'm going through changes. (but I just keep on going through changes.) Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through. Swear when I come back I'mma be bulletproof. I'mma do it just for Proof. I think I should state a few Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth. Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through? I think about the things I would've never got to say to you. I'd never get to make it right. So, here's what I came to do. Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina, too. I still love your mother, that'll never change. Think about her every day. We just could never get it together. Hey, wish there was a better way for me to say it, But I swear on everything I'd do anything for her on any day. There are just too many things to explain. When it rains, guess it pours. Yes, it does. Wish there wasn't any pain, But I can't pretend there ain't. I ain't placin' any blame, I ain't pointin' fingers. Heaven knows I've never been a saint. I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history. And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say I miss you subconsciously. Wish it didn't end this way, But I just had to get away. Don't know why. I don't know what else to say. I guess I'm... I'm going through changes. (Don't know what I'm gonna do) I'm going through changes. I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) To take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) Come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just letting you know that you're not alone Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road) Yeah, it's been a ride I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one Now some of you, might still be in that place If you're trying to get out, just follow me I'll get you there You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em 'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem When I say I'mma do something I do it I don't give a damn what you think I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he From Infinite down to the last Relapse album He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him Whichever comes first, for better or worse He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) To take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) Come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just letting you know that you're not alone Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road) Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a rap You said you was king, you lied through your teeth For that fuck your feelings Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back I promise to never go back on that promise In fact let's be honest That last Relapse CD was ehh Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground Relax, I ain't going back to that now All I'm trying to say is get back, clickclack, blow 'Cause I ain't playing around There's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now! I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) To take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) Come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just letting you know that you're not alone Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road) And I just can't keep living this way So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground I've had enough, now I'm so fed up Time to put my life back together right now! (now) It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally For you, so I could come back a brandnew me you helped see me through And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you I've been through the wringer, but they could do little to the middle finger I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers And drop dead, no more beef lingers No more drama from now on, I wanna promise To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it! 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up 'Cause I'm raising the bar I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars I feel amazing and I'm... I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) To take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) Come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just letting you know that you're not alone You, you, you, you, you Like a verbal seduction when... Seduction when I tell them girls on the floor I don't know, man. Just feels like we're a lot different. Kinda feels like I'm on a whole different page right now than you. It feels strange but uh, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like... I feel like I'm morphing into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfing all competitors. Better get your girlfriend in check. It's psychological warfare. Endorphins I affect. Your selfesteem shatters as dialect comes blasting out your deck, She loves me. Such passion, you'd expect this sort of reaction from her. Yet, you strong arm. You're fucking corny. You try to turn your charm on 'Cause you just think you're Bishop, the Don Juan. But if you think that you're fucking with me, homie you're on one. I'm cocking my head back like, Ed Lover. C'mon son. She's on my Johnson. She brings my name up constant. Your boys are like, She's fucking with dude. She wants him. Homeboy, you better get a clue. She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you. What you expect her to do? How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closing her eyes, fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track. Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, (It's like a verbal seduction.) 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you. (It's like a verbal seduction.) Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you. (It's like a verbal seduction.) She's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar. She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are. There's a sevendisc CD changer in her car, and I'm in every single slot, and you're not. Aww. I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet a star And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable. Naw. Switch it up, and watch them haters not give it up 'cause they're just not good enough. But I'm not giving up 'til I get my respect, and I won't stop 'til I get enough, 'Cause I'm not living up to my own expectations. Aww. That hater alarm is sounding off, that Obama took the bomb from my name. Aww. So quit crying that I took your dame, homie she's my dame. Aww. You sadly mistaken if you thinking that I'm not on my game, boy. And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth. You wear your heart on your sleeve. I sport that white tank boy. But you got a hard on for me. What you hollering my name for? It's your bitch on my dick. Ain't my dang fault. Man, I can't call it... Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, (It's like a verbal seduction.) 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you. (It's like a verbal seduction.) Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you. (It's like a verbal seduction.) It's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear. You hear it girl, come here. Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier seducing her. Loosen up with a little freestyle that'll wait, am I losing you? Am I making you look bad? Well I got news for ya, homie, you losing her. Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast. Am I trying to show her how? Let me slow it down some. It's still gonna be a blow out. You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album. Rummage through the shit, and try to salvage something to see if you can save any of it, Punk, but none of it's fucking with me. Prick, you really feeling that bullshit? You think you killing them syllables. Quit playing. These beats ain't nothing to fool with. They call me Fire Marshall. I shut the shit down. Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round. I am also the opposite of what you are like. You are microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic. I am awesome and you are just awestruck. She's lovestricken. She's got her jaw stuck, from sucking my dick. Aww, fuck. Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, (It's like a verbal seduction.) 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you. (It's like a verbal seduction.) Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do, 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't. She's been stolen from you... Love. Don't hurt me. Don't hurt me No more. Young Money... No more. Love. Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower But it's fuck the world, get a child out her Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers I'm rolling Sweets, I'm smoking sour Married to the game but she broke her vows That's why my bars are full of broken bottles And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh. I think about more than I forget But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed Bitches try to kick me while I'm down I'll break your leg Money outweighing problems on a triple beam I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh. Be good or be good at it Fucking right I've got my gun, semiCartermatic Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say I'm high as a bitch up, up and away Man, I'll come down in a couple of days OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the Gcode It's Weezy motherfucker, Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down No love lost, no love found It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down But what you say just (don't hurt me) That's right bitch (don't hurt me) And I don't need you (no more) Don't wanna see you (no more) Ha, bitch you get (no love) You showed me nothing but hate You ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around (yeah, yeah) I don't need you (don't hurt me) That's right (you don't hurt me) And I don't need you (no more) Don't wanna see you, Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love) Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love) And I don't need you (no more) Get em I'm alive again More alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than most Shit's finna get thick again They say the competition is stiff But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in I ain't never giving in again Caution to the wind, complete freedom Look at these rappers, how I treat them So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em They call me a freak 'cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute Yeah that rap was tight But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit And start over from scratch and write new ones But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd You can see the sparks from hot metal Coldhearted from the day I Bogarted the game I so started to rock fellow When I'm not even in my harshest You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow 'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not gonna stop I'm standing on my Monopoly board That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop 'Til my hip don't hop anymore (shit) When you're so good that you can't say it 'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit) People just get sick 'cause you spit These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore And you can never break my stride You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow You'll never take my pride Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent Is getting no mercy, mark my words Ain't letting up, relentless I smell blood, I don't give a fuck keep giving them hell Where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down But what you say just (don't hurt me) That's right bitch (don't hurt me) And I don't need you (no more) Don't wanna see you (no more) Ha, bitch you get (no love) You showed me nothing but hate You ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around (around) I don't need you (don't hurt me) That's right (you don't hurt me) And I don't need you (no more) Don't wanna see you, Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love) Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love) And I don't need you (no more) We touch I feel a rush We clutch it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us It's lust, it's torturous You must be a sorceress 'cause you just Did the impossible Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous If you fuck me over 'Cause if I get burnt I'mma show you what it's like to hurt 'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you And love is evol Spell it backwards I'll show you Nobody knows me I'm cold Walk down this road all alone It's no one's fault but my own It's the path I've chosen to go Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this? I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be Like trying to start over I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you You take my breath away You're a supernova... and I'm a I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon And I'm aiming right at you Right at you Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June And I'm aiming right at you Right at you Right at you I'll do whatever it takes When I'm with you I get the shakes My body aches when I ain't With you I have zero strength There's no limit on how far I would go No boundaries, no lengths Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same? You want them when they don't want you Soon as they do feelings change It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take Let's cut to the chase 'Fore a door shuts in your face Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open That I won't be making a mistake Cause I'm a... I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon And I'm aiming right at you Right at you Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June And I'm aiming right at you Right at you Right at you So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want But I love you so much it hurts Never mistreated you once I poured my heart out to you Let down my guard swear to God I'll blow my brains in your lap Lay here and die in your arms Drop to my knees and I'm pleading I'm trying to stop you from leaving You won't even listen so fuck it I'm trying to stop you from breathing I put both hands on your throat I sit on top of you squeezing 'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house And let you live Tears stream down both of my cheeks Then I let you go and just give And before I put that gun to my temple I told you this And I would have did anything for you To show you how much I adored you But it's over now It's too late to save our love Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a... I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon And I'm aiming right at you Right at you Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June And I'm so lost without you Without you Yeah, You know, technically, I'm not even really supposed to be here right now, So fuck it, might as well make the most of it. (Amen!) Yeah, haha (Amen!) Feels good, (Amen!) Whooo, (Amen!) Guess I'm lucky, (Amen!) Some of us don't get a second chance. (Amen!) But I ain't blowing this one. (Amen!) Naw man, haha (Amen!) Shit I feel like I can do anything now. Who can catch lightning in a bottle? Set fire to water? Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flier than swatters? Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man. Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em, Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em. Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man. There's a storm comin' that the weather man couldn't predict, I start to bug prick, you better flee 'cause I get ticked It's a rap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked. I got up I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick, It's a trap, fuck my last CD the shit's in my trash, I be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass, I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last. You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes, And keep winking and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirting with death I'm destroying your livelihood. I ain't just hurtin' your rep', I catch a flow and get goin', No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one, Knowin' there is nothin' you can do about it Zeroin' on the target like a marksman, The target is you. I shut your lane down, Took your spot, parked in it too, Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can you do? Go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like whoooo! That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too Fry his ass, and put his ashes back together with glue, See you can hate him, he don't blame you frankly he would too, This game could illafford to lose him, how 'bout you? Now guess who (hey), Here's a clue (hey), He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe, It's in your ass (hey), He's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too, Now what's his name? Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, (hey, hey) If I had a time machine I'd be Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Music is my time machine, so call me Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Fuck catching lightnin' He struck it Screamed Shut up! at thunder, And flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man. Rewound the future to the present, paused it don't ask how, Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now He's Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man. Cinderella man Send the fellow Shady dane came to wrap the game up in cellophane, Raise up from hell he came, But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story, Nor did he come to do the same, Or can't afford to be a label in this day and age, And at this stage of the game Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly, So say bye, To the old H.I. To the new, Que SerÃ Consider it his last hurrah Coup de grÃce Raise 'em high in the sky, Keep 'em up Time to bring the place alive, Thanks for being patient I will make no more mistakes, Shit my potato's baked, Homie the veggies on my plate can fly, My filet is smoking weed, Yea faggot the steaksstakes are high Shit I ain't even suppose to be here By the grace of God, The skin on my teeth And the hair on my nuts I skated by, Now y'all are on thin ice With ankle weights I hate to lie, How fuckin' irritated are you? How much in your face am I? And ain't shit you can do but fear it Proof is here in spirit and And I'm the spittin' image I'll mirror it When I stand near it, Your pussy lyric, I cunt hear it, Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists? Who? Here's a clue. He came to the ball in his wife beater, Lost his Nike shoe, It's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too. Now, what's his name? Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, (hey, hey) If I had a time machine Cinderella man, Cinderella man, I'd be Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Music is my time machine so call me Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life (<i>[Eminem]<i> Yeah) Too late (<i>[Eminem]<i> I can't keep chasing 'em I'm taking my life back) Caught in a chase 25 to life I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed But I've already wasted over half my life I would've laid Down and died for you I no longer cry for you No more pain bitch you Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet Into the dirt I can no longer stand it Now my respect I demand it I'mma take control of this relationship Command it, and I'mma be the boss of you now goddammit And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me So you better hear me out this much you owe me I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid? Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath You know what you've done no need to go in depth I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left I'd laugh while you wept How's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it? You neglected me Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set But a special place for you in my heart I have kept It's unfortunate but it's Too late for the other side (<i>[Eminem]<i> Yeah) Caught in a chase 25 to life (<i>[Eminem]<i> Can't take no more) Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh 'Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half 'Til I snap Don't think I'm loyal All I do is rap How can I moonlight on the side? I have no life outside of that Don't I give you enough of my time? You don't think so, do you? Jealous when I spend time with the girls Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know But tonight I'm serving you with papers I'm divorcing you Go marry someone else and make 'em famous And take away their freedom like you did to me Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat I'm moving on forget you oh, Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you All I ever felt was this Helplessness Imprisoned by a selfish bitch Chew me up and spit me out I fell for this so many times It's ridiculous And still I stick with this I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction You're addictive as they get Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from I'm addicted To the pain, the stress, the drama I'm drawn in so I guess I'm a mess Cursed and blessed But this time I Ain't changing my mind I'm climbing out this abyss You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you You left me off your list Fuck you hiphop I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch And it's just Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life (<i>[Eminem]<i> I'm gone, man) Too late for the other side Caught in a chase 25 to life Too late Caught in a chase Yeah. Ha ha, you feel that baby? Yeah, I feel it too. Damn. You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I? Heh. I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling, I'm right back on 'em, with the I can't call it Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'! Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend? Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again! Now, it all started with my father I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise There ain't nobody as bomb as me I'm as calm as the breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a Ssuperstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama! Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas? So bad So good that I'm so bad Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table But you may wanna find something more stable I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April! But thank you for staying April, I'mma make you learn To appreciate me, differentiate me From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake G's Skip over the huggy bear and all the kissy face, please Initiate phase three! Missy now service me Take another shot of JÃger, shake it so nervously Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby! Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady! I told you why I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you? Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm just... So bad So good that I'm so bad Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! I can hold you in the morning But in the evening I gotta go. 'cause I'm on to the next girl, And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh! I got you caught up in the rapture Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you? Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's so organic You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin' Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and Throw your spine out of alignment My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup so stop at a store, pick a pint up Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'mma hang a sign up Saying Don't Disturb, shorty I'm so superb I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words? So bad So good that I'm so bad Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so! I can hold you in the morning But in the evening I gotta go. 'cause I'm on to the next girl, And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh! So bad So good that I'm so bad Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had 'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again Ha ha. Dr. Dre 2010! Light years ahead of you, ha ha. I can almost taste it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it I can almost see it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it Yeah, can't stop now. (I can almost taste it.) This may be the last chance I get to be famous. (I just wanna be famous). You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist They call me Slim Roethlisberger I go berserker than a fedup postoffice worker I murk her with a Mossberg I'm pissed off, get murdered Like someone took a ketchup squirter Squirted a frankfurter For a gangster you sure did shit your pants When you saw the chainsaw get to waving Like a terrible towel How thangs turn around When his fangs come out Get your brains blown out That's what I call blowing your mind When I cum back Like nut on your spine I'm the thumb tack That you slept on, son Now here I come screaming Attack! Like I just stepped on one Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em Defiance, giant scrotum He don't owe them bitches shit His britches, he out growed 'em He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole And nobody fucks with him Rigor mortis and post mortem He's dying of boredom Take your best rhymes, record 'em To try to thwart him He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em Shitstained drawers You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls You think I'm backing down? You must be out of your dang skulls I'm almost famous You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for I'm back for revenge I lost a battle that ain't happening again I'm at your throat like strep I step, strapped with a pen Metaphors wrote on my hand, Some are just stored in my memory Some I wrote on a napkin I do what I have to to win Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers And tell that psycho to pass the torch To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his JackOLantern And smash it on his porch Now get off my dick Dick's too short of a word for my dick Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick Don't call me the champ call me the space shuttle destroyer I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer I just laced my gloves with enough plaster To make a cast, beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer Ya'll are Eminem backwards, you're Meni Mes See he's in a whole 'nother weight class He slugs, you're BBs, you're beanbag bullets You're full of it you were dissin' his CDs Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E. He's almost famous You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, There is too much to lose. Wake up behind these trenches, You run around defenseless. There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, But be careful what you wish for Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls Screaming the wood off the panelling And cussing the paint off the walls Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads He ain't given 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark When it scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screaming out, Awww! His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die And eat shit while they at it He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world So go to hell and build a snowman, girl The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me 'Cause I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it? And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered So bear witness to some biblical shit As a cold wind blowing This world ain't gonna know what hit it Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I can't tell you what it really is I can only tell you what it feels like And right now, it's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me She fucking hates me and I love it Wait! Where you going? I'm leaving you! No you ain't. Come back We're running right back Here we go again It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snap Who's that dude? I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feeling Yeah, them chills used to get 'em Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em You swore you'd never hit 'em never do nothing to hurt 'em Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em Throw 'em down, pin 'em So lost in the moments when you're in them It's the rage that took over It controls you both So they say it's best to go your separate ways Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday Yesterday is over, it's a different day Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her Next time you'd show restraint You don't get another chance Life is no Nintendo game But you lied again Now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean And we fall back into the same patterns, same routines But your temper's just as bad as mine is You're the same as me When it comes to love you're just as blinded Baby, please come back It wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk Told you this is my fault Look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall Next time? There won't be no next time! I apologize even though I know it's lies I'm tired of the games I just want her back I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fucking leave again I'mma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire I'm just gonna Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie The days are cold living without you (without you) The nights are long, I'm growing older I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you) You may be gone but you're never over If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now You try it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me clowns That means suicide homie, you'll never throw me Off of this course, blow me Bitch, I do this all for the sport only But I want it all I'm not just talking awards, homie And the balls in my court and it's lonely On top of the world when you're the only One with the balls in your shorts To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse Remember that when they get to dogging you boy, homie So ya'll can just get to blogging about bologna, I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues No stopping the force, Obi I'm mopping the floors with 'em I keep trying to pass it But they keep on dropping the torch And it won't be long 'til this sport is OVER Just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors And no, we ain't pumpkins on Halloween But we'll show up on your porch, So be careful what you say There ain't no punks over here, so follow me Through the fog like I'm SN double OP Let me guide you through the smoke G If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely No one who knew me like you will ever know me I don't think you understand how much you meant to me The days are cold living without you (without you) The nights are long I'm growing older I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you) You may be gone but you're never over And it don't stop oh And it don't quit oh And it don't stop oh And it don't quit oh And I miss you oh I just miss you oh I just miss you oh And homie I'll never forget you, no For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself Tapdancing all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself Guess that the best thing I could do right now, Doody, for you is to rap So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'mma do it to death And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life Elevate to new height Step on the gas and accelerate, I'mma need 2 mics 'Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight, everything I can just do right There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped Just finish the rhyme and bust it, excuse the corny metaphor But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous But this depression ain't taking me hostage I've been patiently watching, this game pacing these hallways You had faith in me always Proof, you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards And I'mma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes I'mma own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below 'em Homie, I know I'm never gonna be the same without you I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you Matter of fact it was just the other night Had another dream about you You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you You told me, Nah, Doody, you're not laying on that table I knew. I was gonna make it soon as you said, Think of Hailie, I knew There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you I love you, Doody The days are cold living without you (without you) The nights are long I'm growing older I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you) You may be gone but you're never over And it don't stop oh And it don't quit oh And it don't stop oh And it don't quit oh And I miss you oh I just miss you oh I just miss you oh (You don't own me. Don't try to change me) Nah man Not quite finished yet Girl, I think, You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games? See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker In your walkway? Better cooperate Or get sautÃed and rotisseried while you're hogtied MCs get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by 'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai 'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men Vrinnvrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin' Not by the hair on my chinnychinchin Will I spendspend even ten cents on you, since when Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny? Shit, if I think a penny's pretty Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me Eenie meenie miney mo, Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me) While he's trying to roll a snowball, But don't make him lose his cool If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me) Now here we go go go Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a UHaul You can rack your brain like pool balls You won't ever think of this shit Yeah, honey you called? Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it Evil I see, hear and speak it Lady, put your money on Shady Fuck that other weak shit Put your eggs in the same basket You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches 'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin' Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin' Get your brains bashed in so bad You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin' To autograph a bloodstained napkin Unfashionable and 'bout as rational As a rash on a fag's asshole Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton See if he's cool with it Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch I ain't in the mood for this shit Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth 'Til your speakers crap out <i>[*fart*]<i> Ohp, what? Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette ChikChigarette But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me So do not strut my way, slut! Because... You don't own me Here we go go go And now that I got your panties in a bunch And your bowels in an uproar I'mma show you why I came So you stop asking me what the fuck for Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more, Bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers 'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy! Every flow got it mastered So every last word that you fucking fags heard Comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah In other words I'm a bassturd! Looking at me like I killed Kenny Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty No morals are instilled in me So remorse I really don't feel any Eat your heart out, Hannibal Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe? Shady, I don't understand your flow. Understand my flow? Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy. Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy. I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy! You can look, you can stare and point But you can't touch  I'm too clairvoyant. I don't get it man, is there a void All this weak shit, what am I steroids? Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass And your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids And remember boys You don't own me Now here we go go go Thank you for coming out Hope you enjoyed the show 'Til next time Ha ha Aw man... Yeahâ You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight And people that you don't even know jump in? You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, you're pissed You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away From splitting your shit wide open, no stitches can save You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say, Isn't this great? Onlookers participate in this asskicking debate That's starting to take place in the middle of the street Little did you know there'd be an allout brawl soon as you heard this beat Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late It's absolute pandemonium Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today Could of made you anticipate Such an asswhipping, okay 'til the anger dissipates You get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies You better go get your mace 'cause Shady said so You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now you still wanna grill? If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill 'Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill Girl howdy, how do you feel ma? This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell nah He must be trying to kill my buzz I will not budge, so what the deal ridaz? Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that 'Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac bottle We snuck it in 'cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts You're frightened like This guy might hurt me You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to Dig your way out or go powder your nose Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us and Adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing My signature ligature marks, look at you all Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car The pain inflicted upon you is so sick it's Bizarre Shit this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far As having me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments, ah You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap In fact I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches So what the deal ridaz? Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches Yeah, what the deal? I'm feeling hard as hell right now homie I almost feel... Invincible and shit Ay Dre! You got me feeling like I can't be touched right now fool I'm unstoppable Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise! Aww shit, yeah Y'all ready to get this shit started or what? Aight, well I brought some friends with me too Now I ain't back just for the sake of just saying I'm back I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black Out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturing Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurring Whoaoh, I can't see shit, my words get to slurring Uhoh! You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble! What's occurring before, after and during the show Has no bearing on the bad news I'm bearing, whoa What is it, wordplay? No I'm pushing you out the door So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow Now stomp your fuckin' feet 'til you get to squishing a hoe It's pandemonium standing know when you see him, oh Damn baby you look good, you're giving me wood You should, pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood It's neck work, get her polly on, you and me both Break bread while I'm copping over this game to pinch a loaf Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass? Who claims to be spitting the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash Went through 'em and laughed Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half! So stop faking the funk and start shaking your ass Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap And Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazing than that? Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at? I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you Lump on your head designed by a bar stool Designed by a cartoon Before I need to be hired, Jimmy Io' fire Marshall The 9 tucked against the lining I pull it out and flip your partner upsidedown like y'all are a couple 69ing It's like Rick James is shooting up your house nigga! Fuck yo' couch nigga! You're screaming, Fuck the world! with your middle finger up While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit, for murder Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove I got a Posse of Insane Clowns Blow your brains on your opposite ear, and ask you how your brain sounds Bad, Evil, we go Alfred E. Neuman mad cerebral You on your last burrito! (What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that Good day and good night, Ortiz yo where the fuck you at? I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Lightyears Ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a nightmare Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares I harbor the art, of you nice wear It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear Uncle Al's breath after polishing off his ninth beer Homie chill, listen, I swear I'm God, I give tracks a Holyfeel, and they bite ears I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waiting to be hooked to IV as MummRa's Well when you look at my pee And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction And record the pig's oink, when I rip his intestine This isn't just an infection This won't go away with penicillin injections Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit Seems to be noncontagious yet anybody can get it Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Emiddinem So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgusting hook Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook? I'm right here letting the shottie pop, quick as a karate chop Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molliwopped I take your life to the ninth inning A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winning I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money Man, all the bitches holla  they wanna drop my britches Then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam! Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flying We do it to try to do without trying (Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to us it's so easy I told the world one day I would pay it back Say it on tape, and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me This is a beat with no words at first, itâs a blank painting Exercising the mind, itâs brain strength training My motto is live by the bottle So why is my supply low? Bring in a truckload with a highlow My name is Chauncey Billups, I'm kind of like a raunchy Phillips Screwdriver, my crew's live when you can't sleep and you're still up I came in this game with, bad intentions And I ain't budged, not even an inch since then Lava on my lips I flips, wake up think I have a cramp I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up I'm gonna step up on this stage now, I'm gonna strut Shady man, I done told you once homie to easy up EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Yeah, yeah, I get it I run this rap shit, now guess whoâs back You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3) They keep on sayinâ the same rappers are the best JayZ and Kanye West, maybe theyâre just tryna distract it From the fact that Iâm cominâ back Or maybe itâs cause I ainât black, maybe itâs because of that Maybe itâs because Iâm the highest sellinâ artist in rap While Iâm sittinâ back in my office jackinâ off to my plaques Iâm still sick, how can I be sick this long And Iâm still alive, Magic Johnson arise I thrive on makinâ my opponents think that Iâve died Thatâs when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there Damn I forgot how much money he got On the beach of SaintTropez, but your man donât lay In the sun cause I donât tan, I burn, blood clot When you gonna learn how much money weâve earned How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 And coulda retired at 29 in my 20â²s still And Fifâ here to lick on that CocaCola shit And he ainât even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score To go from sellinâ bags to bottles right out the store And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us My exwife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers So stay the fuck off us, we make pay Iâm just a super easy modest MC, okay? Til I hear the word has been, thatâs when I start spazzinâ Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then Iâm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Obie the person that came up introverted Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict It was worth it cause he changed became so observant Serving such of a purpose If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher I had enough of isolating myself in a room Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school Now look what he became, a fool? Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents So welcome to the art department I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate the sane Cinic keep em' thinking its a fucking gimmick when it ain't Clinically insane, brain is on Venus suck Uranus Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say He may seem as though he's plain normal If you ever meet him, greet him with a shake, see He ain't as mean as what they say See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say So he's vague, so they mistake him for just bein' crazed You part ways, your impression of him changed You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him peace and thanks Then you catch him flipping you off, with his pants down Hands around his scrotum, tucking his fucking penis between his legs Obie the person that came up introverted Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict It was worth it cause he changed became so observant Serving such of a purpose If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher I had enough of isolating myself in a room Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school Now look what he became, a fool? Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents So welcome to the art department Its all psychologic, why am I so maniacal, Am I psycho or some kind of psychotic stick, Or am I truly psychotic, or my molecules just diabolical, Cause biologically I defy logic, bye golly hall me off  on a trolly, probably wanna cracker, I'm back on the wacky tobacco, I'm a step away from crack Obie smack the shit outta me, I'm so slap happy man, snap me back to reality, Ima walking art gallery, a science museum, Elephantiasis of the nuts you probably die if you see em, I pull em out they hit the ground and probably crack the cement, EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole And rope it shut with a lasso Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though Coke is cut with tobacco Smoke it up then go wacko This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough Let her ass go Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go Cause I will never lay down? And I will never let up? (I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better) With the soul of a Sharman I leave the beat than vomit Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in So can you hear me coming Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting It's probably go diseases on it I'm just being honest, I can see the comments I can see the evolution as we creep up on it I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging Somebody tell these girls please release my undies Nobody really understands my language I find it complicated just to hold a conversation But still I got a whole lot of patience Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha I gotcha pychologically fucked Michael would like an apology what Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut I aint nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut The poster addict for post tramatic stress I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers I can hear him start to gather I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning (He can't say whore) Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties There's no need to say shit you already know The question is just how far will this go How far will he take it? And when will he stop? Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya You're rotten, what you plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Bballin' Uncontrollably Man, I got everything candypainted Candypainted tint, shit's so dark I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit at least nine of my friends Plus, I got so much candy paint in my rims Paint be flyin' off my car Be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland Ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man I park the car in the garage and go in and Come back the next mornin' The rims are still spinnin' Hit the wheels on that Phantom, man, that shit looks like the Batmobile 32inch rims, shit, I ain't even got no wheels Customfitted, customkitted wood grain Custom everything, what's that on the seat? Custom mustard stain Now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball Get out the car, they be like, Ah, there go them superstars! Hit every single store, flash a fucking wad of cash but I ain't buying shit, bitch Kiss my candypainted ass We... Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Bballin' Uncontrollably Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hit the corner liquor store To get Corona, tip the owners Sipped it on the way out as I dipped, I wanna rip the road up And I'ma hit the cinema and I'ma get the hoes, When I be it, I be it, shit, anything goes I'm ballin' out of control, girls know I'm loaded with dough But, shit, I'm stingy as fuck I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come but I'm like what up Shut up, bitch, sit up, get up off them knees My candy paint's enough If you're lucky, I'll let you hug me, but that's all you get Then I'ma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see Yeah... Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Bballin' Uncontrollably Bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck I'm horny as fuck, bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what? I'll fuck a chick in the butt, I really don't give a shit Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch? You fuckin' keyed up my Benz Bitch, I beat up my friends Don't think I won't beat a bitch I'll kick a sixyearold in the ribs You fuckin' retard, I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks? I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV? Turn around and use it on me You tryna snort on my keys? You fuckin' broad, get in back, you're comin' to Florida with me, Tell your momma I'ma drop you off at the hospital later We finna make this run Take this gun and cover me, Slater And quit your... Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Ballin' Uncontrollably Bballin' Uncontrollably EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Fame, fame, fame I think it's got me goin' crazy Ohhhohhh I get lost in this game, game, game I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers Ohhhohhh Keep speaking my name, name, name You gon' have reason to hate me Yeahhhheahhh It's like. you. don't. want. me to win So. this. time. I'm goin' in! This the life of a rocker jagermeister and vodka Hoppin' off of the club's balcony Into the crowd, surfin' And when they drop me, I'm randomly sockin' fans And when my interviews in hockey masks, Slap the journalists on their ass I'm high off speed, Drivin' my car at high speed Pocket full of weed, while lesbians follow me I'm in the studio, envy My h &amp m, gon' call for me Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week So let's Bang!! all up in my head Get 'em back ungrateful dead Bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this the sympathy Just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember Fame, fame, fame I think it's got me goin' crazy Ohhhohhh I get lost in this game, game, game I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers Ohhhohhh Keep speaking my name, name, name You gon' have reason to hate me Yeahhhheahhh It's like. you. don't. want. me to win So. this. time. I'm goin' in! Some boys are wallin Drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin' Been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island Hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan Little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo Man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage Livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since I've slept My dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left Just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong Our label presented us with a plaque Brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks Now which one of you bitches down for the cause Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls Last call then we off to the next city, yeah Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me Fame, fame, fame I think it's got me goin' crazy Ohhhohhh I get lost in this game, game, game I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers Ohhhohhh Keep speaking my name, name, name You gon' have reason to hate me Yeahhhheahhh It's like. you. don't. want. me to win So. this. time. I'm goin' in! Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy Fuck it, I am crazy What's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue We lost proof, he was our crew's glue But where was you, when we were fallin' apart You were shittin on us too But no one but us knew we were beefin' Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew It stays in the crew, cause it's just crew But we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you! And we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to Pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you Ahh choo! Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy, sluts too Yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you Have some bullshit to readjust Still got a just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due So rest in peace to Bugz and proof This one's for you homies, we love you But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this... Fame, fame, fame I think it's got me goin' crazy Ohhhohhh I get lost in this game, game, game I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers Ohhhohhh Keep speaking my name, name, name You gon' have reason to hate me Yeahhhheahhh It's like. you. don't. want. me to win EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Put it on my wee wee! Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange! <i>[x4]<i> Got a dick, it's as big as a banana I try to control it, but I can't. It's too tough, it's like an AK flip banana. You better watch out, Hannah Montana! Man, what's the matter? Have you no manners? (no!) You know the girl from Juno's address? Yeah, I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that. Now I got the cops on my tail for that! Run up on your car with a stale banana In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that. It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that. Wait a minute, man! What the hell was that? I heard a noise, where you goin'? What are you, bananas?! You can't go back there, stupid ass! I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask. Who the fuck are you, Superman? All you have is a little stupid can Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that? I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh, good answer! A super bonanza extravaganza. Man, go ahead, what you waitin' for? You better get them clothes off, baby boy. Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn! Ready, set, go! Hit play, record! Are you ready?  You better hold the camera steady. She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete! She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti She's pro'ly gonna kill ya still wanna check, see? Have a little quick look?  Go on? She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot, the hell with that? We probably should run, don't dare look back! We probably, probably, probably There probably was a problem at the post office or something But you probably didn't know that, did ya? Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya? I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya! Quit tryna hold my hand, mista'! Pretend she's your little sista'!  Little sista'! <i>[?]<i> Might as well take the whipped cream with ya And when you see her, make sure you get a picture! We could try to make another Blair Witcha  movie A beastiality porno with smoothies. It's Eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri The Beauty And The Beast, his back is hairy. But she don't care, they're attractive, very Very sexually active, very. No, Zack! Don't go back in there! It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair! He screams Bloody Mary!  Grabs a mirror But stop just ain't in her vocabular. Get off me, please! Get off me, stop! Ballin' back at a coffee shop. They go nonstop.  She says Go! He says No!   She says Oh! Back and forth, they scream and shout. Yeah, boy let them demons out! It's the kinda nightmare you dream about Uhoh! Now the whipped cream is out. I get sick thoughts.  Sick, sick, thoughts. The things you could do with your lipstick gloss. Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange. Bitch, keep going!  Bitch, keep going! Banana... Banana... Banana... <i>[beat fades out]<i> Banana... EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) I'm a goat and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is it means the greatest of all time and I consider myself one of those so thank you very much, here it goes! This is the part I was worried about everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes and I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes and everyone's telling me what I should do and how I should come out and what to rap about and I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out and I'm not sure how this is gonna come off they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky (haha) like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me see, the thing about me is you don't really know a thing about me everyone's making a stink about me like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers, and bangers and the most dangerous criminals and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors but, see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave but why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other emcees? so when Weezy says that he's better than Jayz please, be that just subliminally means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's the only one up in that league, see and it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is knowing god damn well that I'm one of the best motherfucking rappers who ever lived period. I'm a goat and I don't mean to gloat but I know what I know and I know what you think and these magazines'll never put it in ink because how would it look if they considered me as a goat? and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is it means the greatest of all time and I consider myself one of those so thank you very much, here it goes! Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game so they gotta go try to find em a new Eminem or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen man, I thought I was crazy or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight and Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write because he's so caught up in that snow white that Timbaland can't even get him in the studio he's so gone off that coke, right and it's so sad, cause he's dope, right America's next great white hope, right so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show, right and which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about they said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out there's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth and I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white and the best golfer's black? and I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that but these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out but I had already hit middle America Parents had all got to likin' me now when suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy all of the hatred for me must've died thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays and anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy and Angelina Jolie is just another ho and Brad is a sucka' because once I fuck her she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby you know what I say? No You better save some of them kids from Madonna she needs all the publicity she can get you want a Shady? Well, you got it, man I ain't apologizin' for shit. I'm a goat and I don't mean to gloat but I know what I know and I know what you think and these magazines'll never put it in ink because how would it look if they considered me as a goat? and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is it means the greatest of all time and I consider myself one of those so thank you very much, here it goes! Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home, man shit is too easy nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause (I'm a goat) so don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best but y'all know that (I'm a goat) and like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch but before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much to everybody who wasn't there from the start and thank you very much to everybody who was and y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know (I'm a goat) (hahahaha) I'm out, y'all EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) I'm a little nutty and I know it but if you go back and take a look at my history you will see that I'm not the only one who's off his rocker there were many before me  I was always labelled the black sheep of the family what a bad seed I grow to be but if you take a look at us now you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree (haha) alright, look I'ma tell you the story from my side maybe you'll understand check it out  you done witnessed unexplainable shit too insane to explain people run from what the just don't get maybe Shady shoulda just hit 'em with a little bit did I spit too soon? Should I of spoon fed 'em it? but I was just so eager to prove I was even worth being in the same league or the room with of the people of whom I was in every now and then I look up like I was seeking approval was it because of the pigment of my skin or was it a figment of my imagination maybe it bothered me more than it did them maybe it wasn't a big deal back then but to me it was, see what it was was I had developed the complex from being judged Proof spit his verse, now I'm next, let's see who I'm in the booth staring back to see who's mugs I get a reaction from, usually the first thumb was from Proof and the rest of the group backed him up and no one lied to each other cause none of us had deals it was real, we just wanted tickets for that meal Sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree I said ... sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree Ever since my mother was pregnant with her second egg cause she said that I had a baby sister who fell out of the window I was too young to remember Kansas City projects I was like 5, 6, and how come I remember Malcolm, Isaac, and Boogie if it was the projects in Missouri? cause those're my best friends until Isaac took my tricycle and my uncle Todd went to try to go get it back and ended up getting jumped and cut in the gut with a switch and 70some stitches which is still, to this day why my mother still tries to show me some old fake picture of a fictitious little sister who never existed and this is why part of my life's so twisted but I can never be as sick as that bitch is and, by the way, that picture's one of my relatives Sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree I said ... sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree You probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain to see why everything I say is so insane what's different about my brain that separates me from other players in this game? on the surface, it may seem like a scheme or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy but that's the last thing I need is for people to walk around feeling sorry for me (me) and I'm not a G, never claimed to be I gave my vest to Cashis, he'll need it more than me but we'll see, cause we ain't lookin' for beef but if it comes our way, what do we, turn the other cheek? come on Sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree I said ... sometimes I feel like it's just me sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy but take a look at my family cause the apple don't EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Thanks it's been real I love you but I just can't deal With the stress this game is giving me... But before I go You know I can't close the show Without no closure So before I leave... Yeah I just want to take the time out to basically say Rest In Peace to Deshaun Holton That's my heart man Dr Dre For giving me the oppurtunity just to even listen to me to get me to this point I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine, Interscope, Aftermath,  everybody in the whole Shady staff everybody whose basically supported me from day one Paul Rosenburg, Tracy Mcnew You know I love you guys I couldn't do it all without you D12 Cashis, your gonna be a beast when you get out there man trust me homey, my ears don't lie to me who else am i forgetting Oh yeah, Obie Trice Bobby Creekwater, and basically man the whole city of Detroit 8 mile road for making what I am today Which basically goes back to proof &amp D12 I love you guys man you where there when shit got thick Oh, it wouldnt be complete, If i didn't thank my mom, bitch so Thanks it's been real I love you but I just can't deal With the stress this game is giving me...  EP <b>Straight From The Vault<b> (2011) Some people ask me, where I've been lately They thought I fell off, nobody could save me I play in the background, I don't back down So don't get it twisted, tryna play me First I come out, they underate me Then I come back, still try to fade me They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy Ask what I think, I say maybe I fly away It ain't nothin' in my way so I may aswell fly away It ain't nothin' else to say so I may aswell fly away I know you wanna see me down but we aint gon die today Cos I've been to the top and there's nowhere else to go The only way to see me is if you lookin' up from down below And there's nothin' else to say so I may aswell fly away And there's nothin' in my way so I may aswell fly away I'm on top of this thing so i may aswell fly away Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up I'ma step up on the stage now, I'm gonna strut And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt And you aint gotta tell me notin' boy, get off of my nuts It goes one for the money, two for the show My shit don't stink, I dont think so Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll Are you ready now, here we go The bald eagle has landed I'm back in ya hair, sorry for leavin' you stranded Im twice as dread and evil and rancid They cant sit, I don't think anybody understands it Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands, its playdough I aint got to play though, they say I died in a fatal Car crash, shows what they know Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car The white trash star I fuckin RV up like Brett Favre Homie you got it backwards, your dippin your soup inside ya crackers I can carry rap til my back hurts Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors Get my back right Now I'm right back on you bastards I was chasin' the dragon, I dont know what happened It was like the feelin' I had when I first started rappin' I just could'nt seem to get back and recapture that magic So I went back to the lab, thats where I've been at when... Some people ask me, where I've been lately They thought I fell off, nobody could save me I play in the background, I don't back down So don't get it twisted, tryna play me First I come out, they underate me Then I come back, still try to fade me They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy Ask what I think, I say maybe I fly away It ain't nothin' in my way so I may aswell fly away It ain't nothin' else to say so I may aswell fly away I took a hiatus haters now I'm back to cause trouble Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles Im the *bang* you aint fuckin sick The hospital won't even give you cough drops for course cocksucker You think your hot, you aint even luke warm My pubes hotter than you Your soft I use fire to cool me off I told em I'll grow up one day and show 'em I'd be able to choke clouds Pick up lightenin' bolts and throw 'em Take the world by storm with these words I form Georgie porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for em Make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts I've worn Sworn over my sweat towels, its mind blowin Yes Im livin' the dream homie, cant nothin' compare I'm so up, I'm stuck in mid air I'm lovin' it yeah Its like these people are steps now, all they do is stare These haters is so pussy they're afraid to be scared This is pay back, like I owe 'em back pay They spat in my face, now I'm back to do them the same exact way And leave this rap game with a bad taste, And slap it back out, before I step back out of this crap thanks Slap me now I'm slapping 'em back hey! fuck it we'll slap back But yeh okay now we'll talk cause I'm smack ay And I aint looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack How's that for hindsight, what the track say? It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search Maybe I needed to grow up a little first Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt But I am coming for closure Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for The way that you turned your back on me Just when I may have needed you most Oh, you thought it was over You could just close the chapter And go about your life, like it was nothing You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine Well, I've never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha 'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice Can I hold grudges, mind saying, Let it go, fuck this. Heart's saying, I will once I bury this bitch alive. Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset. I flee the scene like it was my last ride You see right through Oh, you had me pegged the first time You can see the truth But it's easier to justify What's bad is good And I hate to be the bad guy I just hate to be the bad guy And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch To think it was you at one time I worshiped, shit Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it? Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew (sic), knit wit Thought some time had past and I'd forget it, forget it! You left our family in shambles You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed May be gone, but he's not forgotten And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya You're wrong and that shit was rotten And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through? Feelings I harbor, all this pentup resentment I hold on to Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing Letters, you don't respond to 'em Fuck it, I'm coming to see you And gee who better to talk to than you? The 'cause of my problems My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you Poof, then I'm gone, voosh And... I flee the scene like it was my last ride You see right through Oh, you had me pegged the first time You can see the truth But it's easier to justify What's bad is good And I hate to be the bad guy I just hate to be the bad guy I've been driving around your side of this town Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now Finally I found your new address, park in your drive Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life And it's now arrived, and my mouth is fulla' saliva My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house See, it's sad it came to this point Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya But I ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window Like I reach my full potentialâI peeked Continue to peep, still bent low Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this You don't plan for intruders beforehand? Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue? Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hackup a lung Like you picked an axe up and swung Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh? Now who's a faggot, you punk? And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck It's just me, you and the music now, Slim I hope you hear it we're in a car right now Wait, here comes my favorite lyric I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP Just to try to get people to buy Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun Last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done Eminem killed by M and M Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it Since you're in love with your city so much I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here Two more exits, time is quite near I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea As cops appear in my driver's side mirror (Oh God, police! Ah!) Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least New plan Stan Slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big, Lincoln town car! Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, hope you can swim good! Now say you hate homos again! I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and then woke up still in I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in When they say all of this is approaching its end But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers After the track is demolished I am your lack of a conscience I'm the ringing in your ears I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils Eating your vocal chords after your concerts I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow I'm the bullies you hate that you became With every faggot you slaughtered Coming back on you every woman you insult, batter But the doublestandards you have when it comes to your daughters I represent everything you take for granted 'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a faÃade and Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone 'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them, I'm the hindsight to say, I told you so! Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow If you don't stop after they call you Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits When it's time to walk away I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have But as you gather up all your possessions If there's anything you have left to say Unless it makes an impact then don't bother So before you rest your case Better make sure you're packing a wallop So one last time, I'm back Before it fades into black and it's all over Behold the final chapter in the saga Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle Twice, the magic that started it all Tragic portrait of an artist tortured Trapped in his own drawings Tap into thoughts Blacker and darker than anything imaginable Here goes a wild stab in the dark (What's your name?) Marshall (Who's your daddy?) I don't have one My mother reproduced like the Komodo Dragon And had me on the back of a motorcycle Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum About to explode all over the canvas Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm (Your music usually has them) (But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't) (Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan) A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on (oh..) Its on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote I write small (It says) Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card Hip hop ain't dying on my watch But sometimes, when I'm sleeping, she comes to me in my dreams Is she taken? Is she mine? Don't got, I don't care, don't have two shits to give Let me take you by the hand, to promise land, and threaten everyone 'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing Nah, (What's your name?) Marshall (Who's your daddy?) I don't know him, but I wonder (Is he rich like me?) Ha ha (Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?) NO If he had, he wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad I wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad, yeah, dad I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and Makes you want to get up and start dancing Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens, to be rapping Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank Lamping in my KMart mansion, I'm in the style department With a pile in my cart, ripping the aisle apart With great power comes absolutely no responsibility, for content Completely, despondent, and condescending The king of nonsense and controversy is on a Beat killing spree, your honor, I must plead Guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap To take it to the next level, boost it But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it (Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me? 'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns That don't honk but every time I speak you, hear a beep? But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch 'Cause it's theâ It's the time of the season, when hate runs high And this time I won't give it to you easy When I take back what's mine, with pleasured hands And torture everyone, that is my plan, my job here isn't done 'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing (Whats your name?) Shady (Who's your daddy?) I don't give a fuck, but I wonder (Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha (Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?) So yeah dad let's walk Let's have us a father and son talk But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block Without me knocking your block off This is all your fault Maybe that's why I'm so bananas I appeal to all those walks of life Whoever had strife Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like 'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again It's hysterical, I chuckle 'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckle heads The sign on my hustle says Don't knock The door's broken, it won't lock It might just fly open, get coldcocked You critics come pay to me a visit Misery loves company, please stay a minute Kryptonite to a hypocrite Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it Too busy getting stoned in your glass house To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers So spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion 'til I'm passed out Completely brain dead Rainman Doing the Bankhead in a restraint chair So bitch, shoot me a look it better be a blank stare Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef 'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look For a fucking reason for it that ain't there I still am a criminal Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals The last Mathers LP done went diamond This time I'm predicting that this one will go emerald When will the madness end, how can it when There's no method the pad and pen The only message that I have to send Is Dad, I'm back at it again. You fucking groupie, pick up the goddamn phone. Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday? With who you say? I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'cha do screw Dre? You went there looking for me? Boo that excuse is too lame Keep playin' me, you gon' end up with a huge goose egg You fake lyin' slut you never told me you knew Drake And Lupe? you wanna lose two legs? You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you, you say OK, yeah and I'm coocoo, ay? Well screw you and I'll be the third person who screwed you today Oh, fourth Dre, Drake, Lupe oohm touche Well you're too twofaced for me thought you was my number one true blue ace But you ain't And I can't see you when you make that wittle booboo face 'Cause I'm hangin' up this phone, boo you make my fuckin' blue tooth ache You feelin' blue, too late Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid Here's what you say to someone you hate My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink Hop on the freeway, tryin' to get some time alone and just think Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink I'm back on my fuck hoe's, with a whole new hatred for blondes But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby come on Excuse the pun but bitch is such a 'broad' statement and I'm Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on 'Cause a woman broke my heart I say heart 'Cause she ripped it in two paarts and threw it in the garbage Who you think you aare bitch? Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet But I'll never say the L word again I lolololo lesbian Aaahhh I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest My life'd be so much better if you just My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better 'Cause you told me you'd love me forever bitch that was a lie Now I never wanted someone to die so bad in my fuckin' life But fuck it there's other fish in the sea And I'm a have a whale of a time being a single sailor For the night, bitch on a scale a One to ten shit I must be the holy grail of Catches hoe I got an Oscar attached to my fuckin' name (dayla) I might hit the club find a chick that's tailor Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back git hammered and nail her These bitches tryin' get attached but there failin' to latch onto the tail of My bumper they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer Like I'm itchin' to get hitched, yeah I'm rich as a bitch But bitches ain't shit I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch Bitch you complain when you listen to this But you still throw yourself at me that's what I call pitchin' a bitch That's why I'm swingin' at these chicks onsite Long as I got a bat and two balls it's 'foul' but my dicks on 'strike' So all that love shit is null and void, bitch I'm a droid I avoid Cupid stupid. Wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed Oye, yoyyoy Man oh, man your boyboyboy's Gettin' sick of these girlsgirlsgirls, oink oink oink You fuckin' pigs all you're good for is doink doink doink I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest Have a heart attack and just Drop dead and I'm a throw a fuckin' party after this 'Cause, yes... My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better Yeah. This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all So take it all Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was illprepared I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there From the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fucking acronym Cut the fucking act like you're happy, I'm fucking back again With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end? It ain't over 'til I say it's over enough when I say enough Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivate at it Wait is up, hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 'cause This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all So take it all I can see the finish line with each line that I finish I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what? They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust So floor's open if you'd like to discuss Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don't make the cut What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck To the side of a pump, 0 to 60 hop in and gun it Like GUnit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut And I look like I might just give up, eh might've mistook Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt! 'Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut 'Cause I'mma fight 'til I die or win Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut It's survival of what? This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all So take it all So get your ideas, stack your ammo But don't come unless you come to battle, Now mount up, jump in the saddle This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do 'Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit! So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trade So you better trade your fucking mics in for some toolboxes 'Cause you'll never take my pride from me It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers! But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe 'Cause this is something that I must use to succeed And if you don't like me then fuck you! Self esteem must be fucking shooting throughtheroof 'cause trust me My skin is too thick and bullet proof to touch me I can see why the fuck I disgust you I must be allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then achieve! This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all Tell me where to go, tell me what to do I'll be right there for you Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true I'll say it all for you I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian? What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in? 'Cause I don't belong in this world That's why I'm scoffing at authority, defiant often Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad So I am noncompliant at home, at school I'm just shy and awkward And I don't need no goddamn psychologist Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems Thinking he can try and solve them I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk And in the front drive talking to myself Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker 'Cause he said that I eyeballed him And if you fall, I'll get you there I'll be your savior from all the wars that are fought Inside your world Please have faith in my words 'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh This is my legacy, legacy, eh There's no guarantee, It's not up to me, We can only see This is my legacy, legacy Legacy, legacy I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling Why am I so differently wired in my noggin? 'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling 'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit Bothers me but not my father, he said Sayonara then split But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I Find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit But if this is all there is for me life offers Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience What about them rhymes I've been jottin' They're kinda giving me confidence Instead of tryna escape through my comics, Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that I could be iconic, and my conquest Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest This is my legacy, legacy, eh This is my legacy, legacy, eh There's no guarantee, It's not up to me, We can only see This is my legacy, legacy Legacy, legacy I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome 'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work Words like this and connect lines like crosswords And use my enemy's words as strength To try and draw from, and get inspired off em 'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit Now you shut up bitch, I am talking Thought I was full of horseshit and now You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins 'Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage The most high exalting and I ain't halting Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes The best part about me is I am not you I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my Legacy, legacy, eh This is my legacy, legacy, eh There's no guarantee, it's not up to me, we can only see This is my legacy, legacy Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain An asshole, that role think I succeeded fulfillin' But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked, sold 3 million Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin' Like I'm always under attack, man, I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin' Women dishin' but really Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rearend That's why every time you mention a lyric I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it 'Cause it gave me an enormous platform, I'm flattered you thought I was that important But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it Mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed attaboy They told me to slow down, I'd just zoneout Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde, it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out 'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now Because everybody knows Everybody knows, that you're just an asshole Everywhere that you go, people want to go home, everyone knows Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice There's no place you can hide, you are just an asshole Everyone knows, everyone knows Thanks for the support, asshole <i>[2x]<i> Quit actin' salty, I was countin' on you to count me out Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out Thought I was history, well God damn honky that compliment's like backhandin' a donkey, good way to get your ass socked in the mouth Nah, I'm off him, but what the fuck's all this trash talking about? The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down I went down for the count, I fell but the fans caught me and now You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt Word to Pacquiao, mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about Better go in that ring and knock 'em out, or you better not come out It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin' Shakespeare, so what if insults are revoltin' Even Helen Keller knows life stinks You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled, but you should give little shit what I think This whole world is a mess, gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest and a Glock just to go watch Batman Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man Half you don't got the guts, intestinal blockage, rest of you got lap bands Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those Water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole, better pack toilet paper But I'm takin' no crap hoe, here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go, tryin' to dip out the back door retreating 'Cause everybody knows Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull Then screamed ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work? 'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable, hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable It's tragical, thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical You crackin' a joke? It's laughable 'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault, so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable My heart is truly guarded Full body armor bitch, you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special, you're retarded Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina You're a trainwreck, I got a onetrack mind and, shorty, you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er 'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent 'Cause all of my spare time's spent On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin' Only women that I love are my daughters, but sometimes I rhyme And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther, so, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up, so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time It ain't never gonna stop, a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime So even if I'm halfdead, I'm half alive Poured my halfempty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky and Can't knock bein' Rudolph, so fear not my deer And dry up your tear drops I'm here White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird If you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too, shouldn't be a shock be 'Cause everybody knows Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack Let's take it back to straight hiphop and start it from scratch I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the raag Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em stick it So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment 'Bout to go ham, ya bitch, shout out to Kendrick Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch Kick your shoes off, let your hair down (and go berzerk) all night long Grow your beard out, just weird out (and go berzerk) all night long We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. So baby make just like KFed and let yourself go, let yourself go Say Fuck it! before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it? Khaki's pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint So if love is a chess game, check mate But, girl, your body's banging, jump me in, dang, bangbang Yes siree, 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang So come get on this Kid's rock, Baw with da baw, dangdang Powpow, chica, pow, chica, wowwow Got your gal blowing up a valve, valvevalve Ain't slowing it down, throw in the towel, toweltowel Dumb it down, I don't know how, huhhuh, howhow Least I know that I don't know Question is are you both so smart enough to feel stupid Hope so, now hoe... Kick your shoes off, let your hair down (and go berzerk) all night long Grow your beard out, just weird out (and go berzerk) all night long We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go Say Fuck it! before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke So everybody, everybody (go berzerk) shake your body And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in Styrofoam All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo With the ugly Kardashian Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past But I done did enough Codeine to knock future into tomorrow And, girl, I ain't got no money to borrow But I am trying to find a way to get you alone (car note) Oh, Marshall Mathers Shit head with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered Kangols and carheartless cargos Girl, you're fixing to get your heart broke Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain baby I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow Word, Rick, word, man, you heard, but don't get discouraged, girl This is your jam, unless you got toe jam Kick your shoes off, let your hair down (and go berzerk) all night long Grow your beard out, just weird out (and go berzerk) all night long We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. So baby make just like KFed and let yourself go, let yourself go Say Fuck it! before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go Say Fuck it! before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings But I'm only going to get this one chance (Six minutes, six minutes) Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) Just a feeling I've got Like something's about to happen But I don't know what If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say I'm not taking any chances You are just what the doc ordered I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box? They said I rap like a robot, so call me rapbot But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes I got a laptop in my back pocket My pen'll go off when I halfcock it Got a fat knot from that rap profit Made a living and a killing off it Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack I'm an MC still as honest But as rude and as indecent as all hell Syllables, skillaholic (Kill 'em all with) This flippity, dippityhippity hiphop You don't really wanna get into a pissing match With this rappity brat Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac Backpack rap, crap, yapyap, yacketyyack And at the exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact How could I not blow? All I do is drop F bombs Feel my wrath of attack Rappers are having a rough time period Here's a maxi pad It's actually disastrously bad For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah 'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box? Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard Everybody want the key and the secret to rap Immortality like I have got Well, to be truthful the blueprint's Simply rage and youthful exuberance Everybody loves to root for a nuisance Hit the Earth like an asteroid Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew) MCs get taken to school with this music 'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme' Now I lead a new school full of students Me? I'm a product of Rakim Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim Inspired enough to one day grow up Blow up and be in a position To meet RunD.M.C. and induct them Into the motherfuckin' Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church And burst in a ball of flames Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame On the wall of shame You fags think it's all a game 'Til I walk a flock of flames Off a plank and Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking? Little gaylooking boy So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy You're witnessing a massoccur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy Oy vey, that boy's gay That's all they say, looking boy You get a thumbs up, pat on the back And a way to go from your label every day, looking boy Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy? I get a hell yeah from Dre, looking boy I'mma work for everything I have Never asked nobody for shit Get outta my face, looking boy Basically boy you're never gonna be capable Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin You're rodent, I'm omnipotent Let off then I'm reloading Immediately with these bombs I'm totin' And I should not be woken I'm the walking dead But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating But I got your mom deepthroating I'm out my Ramen Noodle We have nothing in common, poodle I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself In the arm and pay homage, pupil It's me My honesty's brutal But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize What I do though for good At least once in a while so I wanna make sure Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle Enough rhymes to Maybe try to help get some people through tough times But I gotta keep a few punchlines Just in case 'cause even you unsigned Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime I know there was a time where once I Was king of the underground But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind So I crunch rhymes But sometimes when you combine Appeal with the skin color of mine You get too big and here they come trying to Censor you like that one line I said On I'm Back from The Mathers LP One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine Put 'em all in a line Add an AK47, a revolver and a nine See if I get away with it now That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for You're pointless as Rapunzel With fucking cornrows You write normal? Fuck being normal And I just bought a new ray gun from the future Just to come and shoot ya Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad 'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man While he played piano Man, oh man, that was a 247 special On the cable channel So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad) Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating 'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated I make elevating music You make elevator music Oh, he's too mainstream. Well, that's what they do When they get jealous, they confuse it It's not hiphop, it's pop. 'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it With rock, shock rap with Doc Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it I don't know how to make songs like that I don't know what words to use. Let me know when it occurs to you While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you How many verses I gotta murder to Prove that if you were half as nice Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to Unghh, school flunky, pill junky But look at the accolades these skills brung me Full of myself, but still hungry I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to When I'm a million leagues above you Ill when I speak in tongues But it's still tongueincheek, fuck you I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel I'm asleep in the front seat Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz Still Chunky, but Funky But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling Angels fight with devils and Here's what they want from me They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation And understand the discrimination But fuck it Life's handing you lemons Make lemonade then But if I can't batter the women How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then? Don't mistake him for Satan It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas And take a vacation to trip a broad And make her fall on her face and Don't be a retard, be a king? Think not Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper... Eminem Who can say for sure? Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use Society would reap a great benefit I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges Imagination's dangerous it's The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess 'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head Mama always said... If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous I'mma prove you wrong Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus I'mma be the bomb I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness Mama always said, Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless. Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete It's usually once a month, this is some feat I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be upbeat, when you don't have nothing? No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed 'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street But if I could just get my head out my ass I could accomplish any task Practicin' trash talkin' In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it And I'm startin' to blend in more In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more selfassured than I've ever been before Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch end of story Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage Take some inventory In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store Something's wrong with my head Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause mama always said... If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous I'mma prove you wrong Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus I'mma be the bomb I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness Mama always said, Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless. Now my mom goes wahmwahmwahm 'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb I was on the bottom of the pile gettin' stomped But somehow I came out on top (Ohohoooh) I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo I'm nice ya'll, fuck it, I'm out cold Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo I'm Lysol, now I'm just household Out sold the sellouts, freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as Motherfuckin', difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya Little homos get over your fears and phobias It's OK to be scaredstraight they said I provoked queers 'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah You motherfuckin' insert insult here Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd Be able to take the whole culture and reupholstery it? And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked This hiphop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got That whitetrash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said... If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous I'mma prove you wrong Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus I'mma be the bomb I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness Mama always said, Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless. Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you And I believe I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees And I'd cry and I'd scream, Baby, please don't leave! Snatch the keys from your hand I would squeeze and you'd laugh And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me And you must hate me Why do you date me if you say I make you sick? And you've had enough of me I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge But you won't break me You'll just make me stronger than I was Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you And if I stumble, I won't crumble I'll get back up and uhhh And I'mma still be humble when I scream, Fuck you! 'Cause I'm stronger than I was A beautiful face is all that you have 'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad But you're all that I love I grasp, you can't leave Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees And I'd cry and I'd scream, Baby, please don't leave! But you left and you took everything I had left And left nothing, nothing for me So please don't wake me from this dream, baby We're still together in my head And you're still in love with me 'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead But you won't break me You'll just make me stronger than I was Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you And if I stumble, I won't crumble I'll get back up and uhhh And I'mma still be humble when I scream, Fuck you! 'Cause I'm stronger than I was You walked out, I almost died It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized Felt like I was in for a long bus ride I'd rather die than you not by my side Can't count how many times I vomited, cried Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die? 'Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the Other side of my back and stuck a spike, too, should've Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time No one could hurt me like you could've Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that? Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer 'Cause this morning I finally stood up Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the First time since you left and left me with nothing but shattered dreams And the life we could've had and we could've been But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in Pulling myself out of the dumps once again I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit I'mma be late for the pity party But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpions I'm done being your punching bag It was November 31st today, would've been our anniversary Two years, but you left on the first of May I wrote it on a calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay And I thank you (uh) 'cause you made me (uh) a better person than I was But I hate you (uh) 'cause you drained me (uh) I gave you all, you gave me none But if you blame me (uh), you're crazy (uh) And after all is said and done I'm still angry, yeah, I may be I may never trust someone But you won't break me You'll just make me stronger than I was Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you And if I stumble, I won't crumble I'll get back up and uhhh And I'mma still be humble when I scream, Fuck you! I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey Wanted to receive attention for my music Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated When I blew see, but it was confusing 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!) Hit the lottery, oh wee But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet It was like winning a used mink Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink I'm beginning to lose sleep one sheep, two sheep Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith But I'm actually weirder than you think 'Cause I'm I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me To seize the moment and don't squander it 'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from (Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders. No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.) Yodalodaleheehoo I think it went wandering off down yonder And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen 'Cause I need an interventionist To intervene between me and this monster And save me from myself and all this conflict 'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it My OCD's conking me in the head Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Call me crazy but I have this vision One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled and I'll Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track Give every kid who got played that Pumped up feeling and shit to say back To the kids who played him I ain't here to save the fucking children But if one kid out of a hundred million Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that It's nothing, I'm still friends with the I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing I own a mansion but live in a house A kingsize bed, but I sleep on the couch I'm Mister Bright Side, glass is halffull But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew This always happens Thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin, only option I have's McDonald's' bathroom In a public stall droppin' a football so every time someone walks in the John I get Maddened Shady, what up? What? Come on, man, I'm crappin' And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin? Oh, that's odd, I just happened To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that on second though I'd be glad then Thanks dog. Name's Todd, a big fan I Wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad threw it back and Told 'im, Todd, you're the shit. When's all of this crap end? Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash Without someone passin' through my sub harassin' I'd count my blessings but I suck at math I'd rather wallow than bask, suffering succotash, but the ant Acid it gives my stomach gas When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed Potatoes, so what hoe kiss my country bumpkin ass Missouri southern roots, what the fuck is upper class? Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper, Tupperware in the cupboard plastic ware up the ass Stuck in the past iPod what the fuck is that? BBoy to the core, mule, I'm as stubborn as Maybe that's why I feel so strange Got it all, but I still won't change Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit It's the motivation that keeps me going This is the inspiration I need I could never turn my back on a city that made me And life's been good to me so far They call me classless I heard that I second and third that Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap Probably be a giant turd sack But I blew, never turned back Turned forty and still sag Teenagers act more fuckin' mature Jack Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms ass Hole I'm going berserk, my nerves are bad But I love the perks my work has I get to meet famous people look at her, dag Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged and I heard she drag races <i>[burp]<i> swag Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag You're Danica Patrick (yeah) word skag We'd be the perfect match, 'cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag My apologies No disrespect to technology But what the heck's all of these buttons? You expect me to sit here and learn that? Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda Be an expert at computers? I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica Hell with PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the Mozzarella on my spaghetti put it on bread make a sandwich with Welch's And belch, they say this spray butter's bad for my health, But I think this poor white trash from the trailer Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford and welfare, mentality helps to Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth I managed to dwell Within these parameters Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt a Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter With all these pet peeves, God damn it to hell I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell the Other day someone got all elaborate And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings I think my karma's catching up with me Maybe that's why I feel so strange Got it all, but I still won't change Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit It's the motivation that keeps me going This is the inspiration I need I could never turn my back on a city that made me And life's been good to me so far Got friends on Facebook all over the world Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque I'd hang it up but the frame is all cracked I'm tryin' to be lowkey, hopefully nobody notices me In produce, hunched over, giant nose bleed Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle, by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova the show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger's buyin' groceries He just had frontrow seats told me to sign his poster then insults me Wow up close didn't know you had crow's feet! I'm at a crossroads, lost, still shopping at Costco's Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles Got caught pickin' my nose (aaghh!) look over see these two hot hoes Finger still up one of my nostrils Right next to 'em, stuck at the light the fuckin' shit's Takin' forever to change, it's stuck these bitches are lovin' it Rubbin' it in, chucklin' Couldn't do nothin' play it off What you bumpin'? Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better, fuckin' bitch They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it The pressure, they want me to follow up with a Nother one after Recovery was so highly coveted But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it? 'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip, hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches Wrong subdivision To fuck with, bitch, quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids I love my city, But you pushed me to the limit. What a pity The shit I complain about It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky, and it's rainin' out KoolAid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out But, bitch, I got an elevator in my house, ants and a mouse I'm livin' the dream Maybe that's why I feel so strange Got it all, but I still won't change Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit It's the motivation that keeps me going This is the inspiration I need I could never turn my back on a city that made me Something's burnin' I can't figure out what (Out what) it's either lust, or a cloud of dust, judgment is clouded must Just be the powder from the power of (Love) but I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get outta Left my girl in the house alone, is that my soontobespouse's moan and the further I walk the louder Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard, 'cause after all this is her place So I give her the benefit of the doubt I Think I might be about to busta, bust her, the thought's scary yo, though and it hurtsbrace Hope it ain't here we go, yo 'cause my head already goes to worstcase scenario, though in the first place But you confirmed my low end theory though, should've known when I made it all the way to third base And that was only the first date, could've made it to home plate But you slid straight for the dome and dove face First No [slurp], you don't [slurp] under [slurp] stand [slurp]. I [slurp] don't [hic] do [slurp] this for anyone ever. Yeah, that ain't what they all say I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw Used to be my fiancÃe, 'til you sucked on Wayne, AndrÃ and Kanye, LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil' Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e, Polow Tha Don, Dre Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame Guess I'm gettin' my gGod dang Jigga on, eh? 'Cause your name I'm beyond sayin' But fuck it I'm movin' on, you women are all cray But I'll probably always keep on playin' The game of love, love, love, love, lalalalala love She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door She screamed she loved me, like she never did before And I told her go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care And I told her go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care I told that bitch I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick Suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water he drowned, like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter You beat the case and I called ya' Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone And, Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those Expensive heels ya little fuckin' Ferris Wheel Fuckin' spinnin' on me. Fuck ya think? We're gonna get married still? Fucking Mary had a little lamb this ain't no fairy tale Fairy God mama better tell you how I fuckin' feel Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period Now have a blessed day... Bitch, you serious? I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a Caesarean You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' 'im His mouth piece for a Cadillac emblem That's analogy and metaphor for you I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you This is me talkin' cordial, yeah I got some home trainin' That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was as famous As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool? Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle Singing, I hope she's good enough Meanwhile you're chasing her. Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her, pity the fool and pity the fool in me I'mma live with the Game of love, love, love, love, lalalalala love She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door She screamed she loved me, like she never did before And I told her go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care And I told her go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care I told that bitch So needless to say, I'm feelin' betrayed, snatch my house key off her key chain She jumps off 'WeeBey' from the Wire's dick now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater Here goes that broken record clichÃ, it's all my fault anyway she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beatbreak She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ, each day is an Instant Replay They say what we display, is symptomatic of attack behave Ior, back together, but forgot today was her BDay She cut me off on the freeway Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes, that's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait Bitch cut my fuckin' brake line, stepped on them fuckers eight times, still goin' 73 thank God there's an exit comin' up, what the mother FUCK's Wrong with her, hit the offramp, 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt, hit a fucking tree now here she comes at full speed she's racing at me, OK, you wanna fuck with me 'eh? Snatch that bitch out her car through the window she's screamin' I body slam her on the cement until the concrete gave And created a sink hole, buried the stink hoe in it, then paid to have the street repaved (the fuck?) Woke up in a dream state In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray, durin' a heat wave Guess I eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed Directly aimin' a gat at my head Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it I'm checkin' into rehab I confess I'm a static addict I guess That's why I'm so clingy every girl I've ever had either says I got too much baggage or I'm too fuckin' dramatic, man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just A fuckin' romantic, I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch! Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events I said, Hit the road, and after she left I sent that bitch a text I said, Be careful driving. Don't read this and have an accident! She glanced to look at it and wrecked Too bad, thought we had a connect no sense dwelling makes Never been a more compelling case, than the model covered in L'Oreal and Mace Who fell from grace eleven stories, for story telling, while the whore was yelling rape 'Til her vocal chords were swelling and her voice was more horser than Tori Spellings' face Still they swarm the gates Of my fancy estates to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace 'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great But wait, think there's been a mistake You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate I have infinite hate in my blood It's mainly 'cause of the game of I have infinite hate in my blood It's mainly 'cause of the game of love Love, love, love Mom, I know I let you down And though you say the days are happy Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up? And, Mom, I know he's not around But don't you place the blame on me As you pour yourself another drink, yeah. I guess we are who we are Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on Maybe we took this too far I went in headfirst Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse My mom probably got it the worst The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are Did I take it too far? Cleaning Out My Closet and all them other songs But regardless I don't hate you 'cause, Ma, You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb equivalent to Chemical warfare And forever we can drag this on and on But, agree to disagree That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (little prick just leave) Ma, let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats Why we always at each other's throats? Especially when dad, he fucked us both We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close (nope) Further away it drove us, but together headlights shine, a car full of belongings Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old, And that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but 'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though 'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand babies grow But I'm sorry, Mama, for Cleaning Out My Closet, at the time I was angry Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, 'cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio And I think of Nathan being placed in a home And all the medicine you fed us And how I just wanted you to taste your own, But now the medications taken over And your mental state's deteriorating slow And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours But I love you, Debbie Mathers, oh, what a tangled web we have, 'cause one thing I never asked was Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas Someone ever moved them from me? That you coulda bet your asses If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them And although one has only met their grandma once You pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me As we pulled off to go our separate paths, And I saw your headlights as I looked back And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad So, Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet I guess I had to get this off my chest, I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar 'Cause you're my Ma I want a new life (start over) One without a cause (clean slate) So I'm coming home tonight (yeah) Well, no matter what the cost And if the plane goes down Or if the crew can't wake me up Well, just know that I'm alright I was not afraid to die Oh, even if there's songs to sing Well, my children will carry me Just know that I'm alright I was not afraid to die Because I put my faith in my little girls So I never say, Goodbye, cruel world. Just know that I'm alright I am not afraid to die Yeah, trying to figure out the difference But I think, I think the lines are starting to get blurry I'm in a strange place I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space 'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em 'Cause that's where most of my anger is based Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints I just wanna hurt you, aim for the skanks Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is I'm strapped for battle suckaduck, crawl out the back, it's a bar fight Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air And bottles breaking, mirrors also And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full You done called every woman a slut, but you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin) Oh my bad, slut And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit Judge be like That's sharp, how much did that motherfucker cost you? Smart ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker You're so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you au jus 'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo. Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you. I believe people can change, but only for the worse I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse So satanic KMart chains panic 'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words 'Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker (rape your mother, kill your parents) Shit, motherfucker, and these kids are like parrots They run around the house just like terrorists Screaming fuck, shit, fuck Adult with a childishlike arrogance Wild ever since the day I came out I was like merits, fuck that I'd rather be loud and I like swearing From the first album even the gals were like tight lyrics, dreamy eyes But my fucking mouth was nightmarish And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this And the opposition felt the opposite Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums Often as I can and skim through all them bitches To make sure I keep up with my competition (ha ha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes Borderline genius who's bored of his lines And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies There's darkness closing in (evil twin) There it goes again (my evil twin), It controls my pen (my evil twin), But that ain't me, it's my evil twin (then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin) But he's just a friend (evil twin), Who pops up now and again (again) So don't blame me (evil twin) Blame him, it's my evil twin (then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin) Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend You have slept for quite some time So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber? Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than strep with the fever Get the Cloriseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3's Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin' Bedridden and destined never to leave the Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heathuh Ledger My suicide notes, barely legible read the Bottom, it's signed by The Joker Lorena said I never can leave her She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her Fuck that shit, bitch Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver Gollywally, I vent, heat register, Jesus Ever since 19946 Dresden it was definitely my destiny When on the steps I met DeShaun at Osborn I'd never make it to sophomore I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes tryna get props for 'em 'Cause I took booksmarts and swapped for 'em They were sleeping, I made 'em stop snorin' Made 'em break out the popcorn Now I've been hiphop in its tiptop form Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn Screaming, Fuck the police! like cop porn Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4 And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck do you think that 3rd and that 4th spot's for? And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem? But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin) Please come in, what was your name again? Hi, faggot Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me That I should call the Looney Police to come get me 'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someone'd finally admit me To a mental hospital with Britney Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony Hey ho, hey ho I sound like I'm tryna sing the fucking chorus to Hip Hop Hooray? No, I'm hollering, you got bottom end like an 808 And I base whether we're fucking off that instead of your face, so Let your lowend raise, yo Tango, what you think, ho? Slow dancing in the bowling You tryna hold hands with your homie? What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely? Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me Hoe, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work But all bullshit aside I hit a stride Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize One thousand different houses and MÃnchhausen I'mma make you wanna punch out somefuckingone Ouch! What the fuck'd you hit me for? Scream life as I punch counter and bunches out of anger I once encountered a stranger In a dumb gown, black hood With a scythe Shit I laughed in his face spit Bitch gave me an extra life, like Take this! Now get your ass back in that game, bitch Don't take shit for granted And don't take shit, give it! Only bull you should take is by the horns A mixture of Whitey Ford and Mighty Thor I everlast, pen is mightier than sword Finish writing then record Replenish, keep writing more Nothing's riding on it but your pride is all you're fighting for So you fight, scratch, you claw Back's to wall No one was there to catch you fall You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it Pull out your pass for whooping ass and flash it on 'em Nobody's gonna back you in the corner You're a hornet No one's more ignorant Than you fuckin' four in the morning You're at the laboratory, storming Like there's nothing that's more important MC's you better consider this a formal warning You're in for it Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face? I ain't finished, bitch I meant in half, oil the blades Nobody wants to play They say I'm a spoiled little baby But Nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum He'll fucking flip on ya 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum He'll fucking flip on ya What goes through an addict's brain? Besides static pain and Big Daddy Kane Breakbeats and words An erratic train of thought Like splatter paint Scatterbrained Yeah maybe that explains Why you're back but don't rap the same And you're looking way thinner 'Cause your hunger got you looking like They took away dinner (chooka) Sugar Ray Leonard wouldn't sugarcoat a fucking booger though Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat When you say you're a chooka what chooka what Now fling that bitch from your fingertips Hope it lands on another rap singer's lips Who can't think of shit Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit Who's king of this fucking English Lit? Let your middle fingers flip on each hand While extending this shit How low can you go? Lower than Chuck D ho Hear the bassiness in my voice? Rocky's back, where's my Adrian? Nobody's crazy as Shady in an eighty million mile radius I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots to rap Not a man, I'm a weapon Who just happened to be a rapper Who just happen to be on the crapper When it happened I had an epiphany In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after Now I'm back with an appetite For destruction, the fucking recipe for disaster So let's eat 'cause I'm famished Every deed is a dastardly one Evilish bastard, even you askin' for me to be polite To people's like me havin' my teeth pulled Nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum He'll fucking flip on ya 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum He'll fucking flip on ya So step inside a dimension The demented side of a mind That's like an inside of an engine While I multiply your undivided attention But be reminded if I didn't mention I lose my mind and my temper You'll be the first one Who finds him offensive Got him climbing the fences Lost some time to addiction But look up rhyme in the dictionary I'm in the picture Eminem is the synonym for it I'm an enigma Fuck it, let's get to the meat balls I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes Edumacator they are Shit legends are made of Spit treacherous data Shit that you would say to your worst enemy This wretched is What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada Then combine 'em with Method Man and Redman With methamphetamines in his left hand And in his right there's a sledgehammer In pajamas, standing in front of a webcam Beating himself in the head, 'til Russell let's him off Def Jam Maybe I need my head examined Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan I need meds! Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge T.I. ain't talking me off a ledge man Heart throb at a fart, ah nah More like a smart slob, part blob That'll stab you with a sharp object To the heart and leave claw marks All over the WalMart walls Little baby with large balls Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging There's nothing on this fucking Earth better than being The king of the playground I hate the swings but I love being an underdog 'Cause when I'm pushed I end up swinging up Nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum He'll fucking flip on ya 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner I'm only tryna warn ya 'Cause that baby gets mad And gets to throwing a tantrum Girl, you give me writer's block I'm at a loss for words, uhh My mind's as lost as yours I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge Never seen no ass as large as yours How much that cost? That's what I call the cost to splurge You drive me bonkers, Iâm about to get my swerve on for sure Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first Date cause I think I gave you power, when I gave you flowers in a vase A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs Probably should've never let me call that job of yours To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work Should've been one of the first signs to cause alert Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I just can't be apart from her Cause nobody's body's awesomer, I lust it and she loves me Cause I'm popular, but you know this ain't love You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love (What is it then?) It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her) It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her) (And I here I go again) You were obviously oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you Till I went to the lengths I did to meet you Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery, ah Cause now you see nothing but me, and I don't see nothing but you And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in We stuck to each other's hips and we can't Do anything individually, which is to cling on, scared to be alone Can't, specifically describe it I just can't seem to give a reason This definitive, just need you, talking bout I live and breathe you And you pretend to be as mentally and physically Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer Don't wanna be without you Don't wanna be with you neither, bitch Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek Cause this ain't love Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else What the fuck you whispering for? You get on my nerves, you make me sick I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz I mean it's time that we just split and leave the Games behind your frame of mind ain't the same as mine I think you need to finish developing a little more mentally too Get the picture That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? The lease up I'm just mad the time it took to discover You were using me for loot like I used you for looks Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah Toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack But I can't stomach this, I'm leaving you, I'm not coming back She said, The fuck with that, where's my Louisville Slugger at? She grabbed that fucking bat and swung it at my head I barely ducked and that's right When she came up with a kick to the nuts twice, steel toe Girl probably coulda put a 100yard field goal through the uprights What is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious 'Til one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new beditching Missouri for Michigan didn't work So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again Mom please stick to a decision Discipline, last thing I wanna do is listen she's like Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are Kryptonite So the walls and I done lost my power to see through them bitches But I run into them, running through the kitchen Pretending to be blind Superman 'Cause I had no supervision But I did have a super power though I could turn into Invisible Kid Disappear out of sight, like a true magician And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different Music into the picture and it became my new religion I remember it clearly, even today. Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Nan Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping Through the radio stations one day And discovered this DJ who was mixing I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the wizard You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing For shoes, fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops You get the new LL Cool J cooling system Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover and somehow I saw my future is in this That's how I knew my mission Little boom box boomin', spitting Practicing numerous rhythms When I sit in my room envisioning My dreams come to fruition I remember Proof would visit Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go cuckoo ballistic Go through the roof for his shit It's like we knew the instant We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit Never quit, too persistent We are the underground empire. Started a group of misfits Proof had a proposition If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and Be ready to come off the top as sharp position If you got dissed at the shop 'cause if they caught you slippin' They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you And you forgot your written Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again They tried dingdong ditching shit I fucking got that bitch in a headlock Cut off his oxygen Slim snot gourgin Cock sucking cynder block in the wind Now I got my pot to piss in Spot in that top position Copping over the opposition Looking like a dog that's pissing Leg up on the competition Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson I'm in a league Muhammad's in Ali's my colleague bombing them Probably end up on top of them Stomping them like Ndamukong I'm Russian like a Ukrainian, LaDainian Tomlinson Flow vomits in your face Competitors fall at my waist You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face So name the time, place to battle Bitch I'm still in that mind state Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose But you turds better be careful how you choose yours 'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers Now where's your poop birds? Ooh, no more tripping in bird shit, songs of selfempowerment surging Words of encouragement but this discouraging the rappers The rap game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith So let these words lift 'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells since yours ain't working out Each verse is more merciless than the first is And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served Blood thirst, Revenge of the Nerds Chickit And it's true that you'll not escape my vengeance. And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone Word to Uncle Ron I'm turning into a nonhumble Don You blonde dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on So start the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on Better back away from the front row, get launched Show you I'm bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo On the fuckin' Jumbotron I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna rumble, you bomboclaat I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yawn So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap The GOAT just ate eight acres, An eighth of that was just to make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper Oh look, my notebook looks smokecooked Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot Charred debris floating Like oak wood was burning Return of the no good And I won't quit And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below Something that made Godzilla look like a plane. And I don't quit, won't change, It's like a Groundhog's Day So crowd around, y'all, 'cause you may See if I popped your head I'm a heartless monster Turn me into I'm a heartless monster With my dick in your mouth all day I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed I can feel the heat rising, everything is on fire Today is a painful reminder of why We can only get brighter The further you put it behind ya But right now I'm on the inside Lookin' out, 'cause I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light Yesterday was the tornado warning Today's like the morning after Your world is torn in half You wake in its wake to start the mourning process And rebuilding, you're still a work in progress Today's a whole new chapter It's like an enormous asthma Thunderstorm has passed ya You weathered it and poked its eye out With the thorn bush that you Used to smell the roses Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is, stuffed So focused on the bright side Then you floor the gas pedal And hit the corner fast the more asserted Never looking back May hit the curb But every day is a new learning curve as you Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve But you have to To avert a disaster Lucky no permanent damage 'Cause they hurt you so bad It's like they murdered your ass And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline And while you're burning the past, standing in the inferno and chant I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life And it's as though you feel you've died 'Cause you've been killed inside But yet you're still alive Which means you will survive Although today you may weep 'cause you're weakened And everything seems so bleak and hopeless The light that you're seekin' It begins to seep in That's the only thing keepin' You from leapin' off the motherfreakin' deep end And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling And with a little time that should do the healing And by tomorrow You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after All the shit you been put through this feeling of resilience is building And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building You're sealed in but you're fireproof, flame retardant, you withstood it And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin' you look down 'Cause you're so over 'em You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling As time passes Things change every day But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remain the same But tomorrow today's going down in flames Throw the match, set the past ablaze So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire From the heat Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief And as you say goodbye to the grief It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell But you've extinguished this living hell Still a little piece of you dies as you scream I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn Rising, a phoenix from the flames I have learned, from fighting fights, that weren't mine Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday Find the light, find the light, find the light I'm standin' in the flames It's a beautiful kind of pain Settin' fire to yesterday I'm getting by with my wicked ways I'm loading up and I'm taking names I wanna dig my way to hell I wanna dig my way to hell Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition It's what you're suffering from When you simply don't care if it's an 80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning And you can't see the bitchâs hair is frizzing Cause you got the windows up Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm The devil ain't on a level same as him Picture someone who revels in straight masochism And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping So bad they should put his ass in prison A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs Like they did something to me personally Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it) Cadillac from a K Car My ass from a hole in the ground, still canât tell em apart Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud To shop at KMart and it became art And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are To this day I, still get in fights with the same broad At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart In the middle of the aisle whilin' I don't give a fuck I don't play! Bitch you think you saw this basket first? You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay Illest shit you could think I would say Mind's like a pile of clay When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape Ripped a gaping hole in it Flipped out, ripped down the drapes Tied 'em around my neck Went down the fire escape of the Empire State Slipped, fell straight down to the ground Splattered all over the entire state And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot But by the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent J It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane Every rhyme I say, sons you like an ultra violet ray Iâm selling hatred buffet style, all the shit you can eat $11.99 so come on and pile a plate Iâm throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise With the rhyme Iâm spittin' while Iâm shittin' on competition In the meantime itâs always mean time Iâve been a career asshole I donât see why these people always got my back I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake But I was put here not by accident I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit Iâm coming to get that quarter back Like Ndamukong, the drama can build Your mama can ask me for my autograph Cause that cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book But I sure would fall for that You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight When I get on the mic I'mma snap Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital When I overdosed woulda caught a flat If it makes you sick to your stomach acid Indigestion, my suggestionâs Kaopectate If it feels like I'm running away with the game It's cause I am, don't speculate, spectate All I got is dick for days and insults for decades But I get by with my wicked ways Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches Cry til you get puffy eyes, red faced But I'm leaving on this jet plane You ain't fly, you're an airhead And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole, sorry another catchphrase But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't I need my meds, I peed my bed I'm going blind, I don't see my legs I keep on falling down, no wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane Someone help me, I think my face is melting If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain This GIANT hole in my empty head If you read my mind, you can see my pain And you'd see why I be this way Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes Told these hoes shut their PIE holes, now peep my game Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it Like a (like a) fucking (fucking) Echo (echo)... (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle Spiraling, here I go, Im outta control like no Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes  dull I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes Coz I'mma sock it to you Dyke ho, you don't like it Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle And ride it like a motorbike I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole Deeper, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty Thank you, God Shit... Is that a girl? I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show  Why do I know that voice? Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it Life's too short to not stroke your bone  Are you fucking serious? So everybody, everybody Circle jerk, touch my body Who is that? Where are you going? Come back Why does everyone always leave me? Hello? Fuck you then Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest Pencil is full of insolent bullets I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott' Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented Demonic sinister, ever since the the Doc replenished me The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit So to not see him with me would be a shocking image And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? Nope But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this And put emphasis on the dope, so when names come up In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow You won't find anywhere, where it fires and I unload my pen explodes 'til there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time Let insults fly even sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it In school I was so shy, timid Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member Begging my mom for KMart MacGregors cause they were new St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted But kissed them old days, adios, I did it They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front Don't front, you know I got you open, kid Rest in piece to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in the zone I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat From beef, beepbeep, follow trends or wallow in defeat I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appetit Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show case with Denaun screaming Who the fuck passed you the mic? Never asked you like my shit from the get I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch You had you a nice run, now take a hike I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking Word to Buckshot and DruHa, why the fuck not? You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud They jerked me around so what's up now? Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like Rubbing it and holding some grudge now, but don't front Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money But you dimes won't get a fucking nickle from me Oh shit, I'm down on one knee I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey From boy to man, it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show (But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it) You can't take it, oh Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow But convince me you've heard An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn It'll be like my skin being Indian burned Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn? Never been served if memory serves I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words You know I got you open kid, stop fronting I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog Night club, shit, I was taught if your CD's on fire You had to put it out yourself like Highland Park, no fire department So you might not hear sirens at all But don't be alarmed if I sound off Something just ain't right with me, dawg A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder? Widely regarded highly, bite me, sweetheart, I'm slightly retarded But tonight I'm starting shit, I'm feeling self righteous I might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit Looking to box with anybody, disorderly conduct I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith Fan of the LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet Panic attack cause I'm claustrophobic No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver from movement Cause I have no room for improvement I'm practically squashed, unpacked it and boxed it Toxic, hands are arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content Bar exam, start of insanity Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson Animal snarls, cannibal jaws Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter Looking scamp as Hannibal stalking Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets Black out, Zach Galifianakis, gallons of Vodka But that gal has some knockers I bet you they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious What happened, doc? I passed out again Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked Stole a Magnum box and bag Cirocs in back of a Datsun Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics Too close to the StairMaster Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it Air Max in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich And the cross stitching is a cross mixing Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin Fin Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches Swatch watches and sneakers matches with the Parkers But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils? Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall Iâll stand there and yell that at a wall Until the mannequin doll scatter and the inanimate objects That I'm battering all shatter and fall Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped I'mma spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all could get jumped And I'd catch the battery charge, but I got a hunch like your back when it's arching When I start attacking your squadron You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers So get the sack of Wisconsin That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding? You faggots are all gonna do my bidding Don't get dragged to the auction Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping Affable guy next door is laughable My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor No emotion hence I guess this sick prick dies hard I got a Magic Johnson It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me I'll laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around And all I see is Paulie Malign now, she's slaughterhouse in a blouse And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am misogynist I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony Just so happens she's fond of algae Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete Complete lack of responsibility Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now Fivefinger discount Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy Kidnapping your mom cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery Ransom for JonBenÃt Ramsey, Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit (Em) Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde I might relapse, get on some bullshit Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth And have some back and forths And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's Control verse And perform Fack in concert Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album Now that was awesome It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like (I'll stick around) And put up with my crap so long for What's the attraction, mama? Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama? Who knows at this point, it's always poking so meh Still get along with this voice cause that's the monster So dosido with a sociopath, everyone who knows me knows that What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio, meh She loves the way I lie Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole That my disguise is pants, but they on fire So am Ia, wooh, Cappadonna, cut the track off (fart sound) Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking I'm wrapping up all the presents In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him Blowing the head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond Put the basket back while the bath salt packets are gone, I Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier But classic rock acid rap is the genre Got Slash on guitar, splashing Bizarre, Thrasher and Aerosmith And I'm a spectacular archer, feed count Dracula Chocula Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan Bandwagoners, I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone This bed's empty without you You said you're moving on But I'm having some trouble getting there But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere Fuckin' Valentine's Day Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere Machete on the floor, I smashed up every mirror Yeah, how do I look? You fuckin' just left me here to die didn't you? Why didn't you respond yet? I've written you five or six different times and I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through This couldn't be true, we can't be over So violets are blue, roses are red Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you? Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light Saw my old sweetheart she said, honey, I'm back Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you So I'm findin' something the matter with them Excuse to not see anyone Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol I get bold like bowling balls Grow balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains Like birthday cake candles Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake Can't escape the madness Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song But I can't even change the station The same one's playin' on eight channels I lay awake in shambles, I'm startin to hallucinate I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light Saw my old sweetheart she said, honey, I'm back Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone Give me one more, bottle for the pain Give me one more for the memories Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak It'll help alleviate It'll soothe this ache Of trying to fake That she's really, she's really coming back And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of it And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent And how I'll never hold you again And there ain't shit I can do about it Now my head is overcrowded With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably Knowing what you done did to me, huh? Did it even occur to you that I loved you? Completely, deep, and madly head over heels for you Was you and me, once used to be together forever It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light Saw my old sweetheart she said, honey, I'm back compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) Feels like a close, it's coming to Fuck am I gonna do? It's too late to start over This is the only thing I, thing I know Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is Find different ways to word the same, old song Ever since I came along From the day the song called Hi, My Name Is dropped Started thinkin' my name was Fault 'Cause any time things went wrong I was the one who they would blame it on The media made me the equivalent of a modernday Genghis Khan Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog Gangster? Nah, courageous balls Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws And the fangs been out since then But up until the instant that I went against it It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shit stain I thought No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught Do I really belong in this game? I pondered I just wanna play my part, should I make waves or not? So back and forth in my brain, the tugowar wages on And I don't wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the art form I was raised upon But sometimes you gotta take a loss And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off You keep pluggin', it's your only outlet And your only outfit so you know they're gonna talk about it Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme? What I really wanna say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story Bet you feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are When I was afraid to I was a... afraid to make a single sound Afraid I would never find a way out Afraid I'd never be found (my dream) I don't wanna go another round (but I won't) An angry man's power will shut you up Trip wires fill this house with tiptoed love Run out of excuses for everyone So here I am and I will not run Guts over fear (the time is near) Guts over fear (might shed a tear) For all the times I let you push me round I let you keep me down Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear Feels like a close, it's coming to Fuck am I gonna do? It's too late to start over This is the only thing I, thing I know I know what it was like, I was there once, single parents Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world? And the pain spawns all the anger on But it wasn't 'til I put the pain in song learned who to aim it on That I made a spark, started to spit harder Shitlearned how to harness it while the reins were off And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part Was soon as I stopped saying I gave a fuck Haters started to appreciate my art And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone? And the lights go out in that trailer park? And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows And I'm frozen 'cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun So to the break of dawn Here I go recycling the same old song But I'd rather make Not Afraid 2 Than make another motherfucking We Made You, uh And I don't wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs My demise and my uprise, pray to God I just opened enough eyes later on Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use that'll make you strong Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt 'Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt Just havin' to balance my dang self When on eggshells I was made to walk But thank you, ma, 'cause that gave me the Strength to cause Shadymania So when they empty that stadium 'Least I made it out of that house and found a place in this world when the day was done So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more From this day forward, just let them aholes talk Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fuckin' faces off The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone And to think I was a I was a... afraid to make a single sound Afraid I would never find a way ooout Afraid I'd never be found (my dream) I don't wanna go another round (but I won't) An angry man's power will shut you up Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love Run out of excuses for everyone So here I am and I will not run Guts over fear (the time is near) Guts over fear (might shed a tear) For all the times I let you push me round I let you keep me down compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though Oh well, this is my life so As I go and try to close for the night's show See how far that line goes Still blows my mind show Business guess I'll just never get So this shit just always feels so weird To this day because all I ever did Was just say the shit I wouldve wanted to hear Other people say to me when I was a kid So please don't make me some type of hero Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way But still will have a field day with some of the Fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck the dick Cause I still make fun of a sit. Someone's in like a son of a bitch At another's expense, I'm fuckin' relentless As fuck when it comes to this pen I struggle with coming to my senses Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think The most foulish childish things without even blinking Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening But now it's, lay me down to sleeping Is it really my soul to keep or Have I sold it cheap is it greed Do I take more than I need When I joke about leavin' But keep over achievin' Because what's stolen from me barely broke even It's a fine, fine line It's a fine, fine line So I notice how I paint myself And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain I want my respect but ignore the Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect And my reflection shows what it's like here Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights yeah It's like a nightmare I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare And I don't like how I see myself so I Open the Bible to Isaiah cause I swear to Christ there are nights where I stay up at night just to say a prayer twice Just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer Ice skate on the nice way Puting it but I like staying Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player I got a nice pair of dice here Sealed off in my lair Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit From in this house it's quite bare, but it ain't when you can't leave it And I feel so isolated, nice I made it But it's like I payed the price of fame twice I hate it So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it Then I wonder why I stay famous Keep walkin' the line This gold fish poke gets old But especially when you don't know If your conscience is sayin' I told you so You don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier Or if you sold your soul It's a fine, fine line It's a fine, fine line And from here you look so small Hovering high above us all Please come back, to me I still remember the times when They were, simpler than the rhymes of Vanilla Ice were, when I was just killin' the mics I'll never forget what that feeling was like I, Miss those times now when I was just starting out Without a dime and, now I'm diamond Can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been Stuck in this house hibernatin' Hate even going outside it Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin' I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it Look how excited, I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and Everything about it I miss Which now reminds me Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz Wow, I must have had Alzheimers Long time since I shouted them out, bout time Cause it's been on my mind lately how Zee you always supported me You vouched, I will never forget that and How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace I love you too, you slept on my couch And I been thinkin' bout the time I slept on the floor at the outhouse Rhyming is all we ever wanted to do And regardless how life has turned out Inside I'll always be an outsider My life has been turned inside out but I It's a fine, fine line compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) I feel phenomenal as usual Pharmaceuticals, glue stick to crucify me at Bonnaroo But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston In the corner trying to seek solitude Shallow but such a hollow dude I won't even swallow solid food Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you Roses to violet mollies are blue Lost in a ball of confusion Its all an illusion It's probably the shrooms I'm on Cause I think I started hallucinating Cause I just thought I just heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit And all I can do is follow the music And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover Just a problem in wallowing fumes I feel uptight I gotta get looser After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit Excusezmoi but that coochie that passed You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze But juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like I'm Marshall Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll Introduce ya Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth A chronic abuser, not only user of marijuana I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, and a nuke And a Rottweiler too, I'm not in the mood so When I say I'm bringing the TEC out I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers God, I'm gonna puke I'm so gone off the hookah I think I swallowed a loofah I'm tore up, demolished, a fuckin' stone like Oliver Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her The thoughts I produce are loony tunes The box of usable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes To replace next up Veronica's boobs And a paychecks that were stuffed in a glove box In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues The girl was just not the one suitable for him Right For Me will change me rearrange my head to be Just right for you and me donât laugh, please listen Donât laugh, please listen Thought I could endure the pressure Collapse and crumble perhaps Relapsing under that Well that's a bunch of crap In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap And I'm sick of acting humble thats enough of that Fuck that shit, cut the sack Like its a natural reaction That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match Cause push keeps coming to that I can keep getting my ass kicked, keep it coming back Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit so mad Disgruntled had some struggles yeah But that passionate hunger's back The fantastic juggling act And the way I flip my tongue on the track It's like verbal acrobatics But in fact Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft After I strapped the duffel bag to my back And stuck the massive punchin' bag in it An elastic bungee strap, proper plaster, a thumb tack And a piece of plastic bubble wrap Went spastic and fuckin' snapped Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat And for my last trick, lunge on back lash On a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snapped the rudder in half Chuckled and laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal And just asked him to come crash And I go grab my gogogadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress And ceramic construction hat Rubbed my magic mushroom tat Fell off then splat, get up from that Face taped to a waste paper basket Throw up then gas, lungs collapse And that's more likely than finding someone that's Couple of shots of JÃger Public intoxication, disfuckin'combobulation Flooded with thoughts of anger While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin' You're top ten ain't cha? stop cause you fuckers are talkin' crazy And stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous Underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is I came to fuck with your occupation You're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs And you brought the scalpel and sponge The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon Stuck in the operating room Once you done, swapped your name with him Smuggled in Ronald Reagan If you duck him up Donald Fagen While juggling waffles baking Fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle They flung it across the table Then bump it and knock it shake it Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration I said fuck it and lost my patience Since they all woke up from sedation Ain't none of you Doctor Dre So then what does it got you thinkin' That you can fuck with this operation Aftermath, still running hiphop amazing I'm still pluggin' along No need for an assumption Here's confirmation I'm up for the long duration I'm just looking for something to walk away with Some pocket change and a little integrity Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage Till I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and Stuck in an awkward place in my life But I shit you not like I'm fucked up with constipation That day will come before I stumble upon some ladies compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) Detroit! Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static I swear I love my city, I just want a little static See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static Detroit vs. Everybody I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree All these females need to email to make noise And now things changin' a lot, he fuck with my authority Then he shall sea shells, but not by the seashore If he gang bangin' or not It's simple as the alphabet He F with me, that G shall surely see He definitely is 'bout it, it's retail fraud, he's sweet The honest gesture The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester, we tell flaw with heat The same soldier, it's me, myself and I Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic and my autobiography Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state You thinkin' makeup, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face The Twin Eagles ol' air his coup might as well ride by in the ambulance My pair ol' shoot like sky divin' in Hammer pants So call it siblinÐ rivalry Take his life, call it the unforgivable robbery A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like Lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent free Real talk, I don't got time to evict these clowns Y'all niggas been bitches, that's none of my business, but I don't sip tea (That's Nickel) Ridin' around this block All we knows is pitfalls, that's why he's always climbin' out his drop (I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die? Shawn Don (Welcome to Detroit) Boy I need no half's a half, I want the game in entirety Hundred percent cut, no stitches required Welcome to Detroit where is you get that promotion Don't worry, man those bullets will still be at your ass firin' I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpiring Boy hit the beat &amp just treat that shit like it's a diary I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin' me Self made, I've never needed your bail or a wire, see I'm never callin' collect, I call to collect My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dawg in a vet Ha plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boys, is all that I fetch If the the ball in my hand then the ball in the net Bitch I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me I'm over respected, my mama gated community's over protective So futuristic, I'm already over my next bitch Reminiscin' all listening to 50 fifty times a day Back when tenth grade was like 50 days away Tryin' to get paid 50 ways a day Used to put 50 on the layaway, now my closet 50 shades of grey Twenty six and I done lived a life time a few times From futons to Grey Poupon's In church tryin' to get a little savings, yeah coupon I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines Takin' down my number like you still ain't got a new line? Naw it's the same, we been laborin' for years I know it took way longer than nine months, but fuck it, it's all in due time I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein' a Beatle though Don't want to, I need to, gotta learn to keep it cerebral When you come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful This is just part one, wait 'til the sequel Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static I swear I love my city, I just want a little static See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static Detroit vs. Everybody Comin' from them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat Just a step away from failin', that's why they call it the D Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets Cause I'm a Linwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River If you think your hood harder then I might beg to differ Know some killas pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller If the blicka hit ya kisser, bet yo ass not remembering They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin' So nigga I'm a veteran, retire my letterman Had K's in front ya school, but I ain't going to Ketteran Cough up a lung, 313 where I'm from Ghan got me cross eyed like Bernstein's son Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top It's us vs. them, Detroit vs Everybody Lately it seems as if it's me against the world Like it was before my life became a movie And they used to use my mother fuckin' trailer to tease me with But I flipped that script like a refilla a Painkillers to pop that lid off that safety seal It made me feel amazing, navy seal of bravery And if I may reiterate, I ain't even need a script Ain't bein' conceited But I made it to radio, eat a dick I still never ABC'D the shit Mainstream appeal but the skill is what made me iller Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit And if I ever end up escapin' the streets I swear that I would stay here Still in it, I'm crazy, I'll always be real Don't make me steal an eighteenwheeler Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer Peel off back to the same block that we came from, on a rampage to crazy? For me to flip What's makin' you think I need a switch? Cause I'm Adrian Peterson When he's raging and heated and on the way to go beat his kid On the track get spanked like he just did (Detroit!) I can't never leave this bitch Sick of bein' treated like me and shit But Jesus, I can see just why people quit callin' me to do features And them cyphers on BET cause if I wasn't me, I probably wouldn't wanna play with me neither, shit Seems to be reachin' it's fever pitch One hundred and eighty degrees in here Shoulder blade full of cedar chips MC's just bit off more than they can chew like a face full of Swedish Fish Or Lorena with a two penises Hateful and genius ness, inconvenience And for the record, you don't want this type of static in your life When I'm makin' you cling May consider tryin' to reinsulate ya windows may be in or another crazy winter Cause so cold in the D, it is as days begin to tick away But ain't this really what made me into the angry bitter blond But ain't we sick of bein' underdogs Don't make me unleash this shit, release this Pit May even seem as if I'm yankin' your chain a bit or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit Is playin' with ya but ain't shit changin' And it's still the same shit and Shady's still a lady killer Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter With the potato peeler mushed her face into the entertainment center It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again The Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safe descent Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated, it could be danger Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'for you came here? And if they mention us Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static I swear I love my city, I just want a little static See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static Detroit vs. Everybody What up though, it's the godfather Trick Trick. You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on. That means Detroit vs. Everybody! Hey Em let me get that instrumental take it down to the hood, let the little homies get this remix crackin'. Detroit! compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) Yo, if you could just, for one minute Or one split second in time, forget everything Everything that bothers you, all your problems Everything, and follow me If I was frozen inside of a moment If I could capture time inside a capsule An hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand, it passes through it If I can grasp it, and just control what happens to it Then I can trap it, so no more time elapses through it If raps could do it, maybe I could tap into it Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks To transmit through 'em, to make you put your ass into it And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it Your passions too much for you to not be dancing to it And as you do it, your movements become fast and fluent You're mashin' to it, moshing until you're black and bluish You're acting foolish, this music it has influenced you to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion True it's chaotic, but it's got your body moving as a unit Uniting together tonight, so make it last and you better just Lose yourself in this music This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go) You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better) Lose yourself in this music This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go) You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better) Cause when we descend together, we begin to move as one In perfect unison just like the moon and sun Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum Rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun But if you could lose it once, I mean if you could let shit go Relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow To rest your soul, you could leave the rest to me If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy To make 'em feel the feeling that I'm feeling right this minute Cause I feel like the night won't end til I get finished So close the shades, makin' sure no light gets in it The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it But no one really gives a fuck cause they just like what's spinnin' His life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin' Like life's beginning, so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it Lose yourself in this music This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go) You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better) Lose yourself in this music This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go) You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait compilation <b>Shady XV<b> (2014) I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus I walk on water But only when it freezes (fuck) Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set? My arms, I stretch, but I can't reach A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as Soon as I grab, squeeze I lose my grip like the flyin' trapeze Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackenin' I know the mark's high, butterflies rip apart my stomach Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with You're gonna harp, gripe, and That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these As pressure increases like khakis I feel the ice cracking, because I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus (It's the curse of the, it's the curse of the) I walk on water (shit) But only when it freezes It's the curse of the standard, that the first of the Mathers disc set Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet Will this step just be another misstep To tarnish, whatever the legacy, love or respect I've garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark 'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart Like, This shit is garbage! God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive And I try not to listen to nonsense But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence Mission accomplished I'm not Godsent Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith, and I'm not Prince, so I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus I walk on water (It's true, I'm a Rubik's, it's true) But only when it freezes (It's true) 'Cause I'm only human, just like you Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest A flawed human, I guess But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your expectations and meet 'em, but first The Speedom verse, now Big Sean He's going too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom? There was a time I had the world by the balls, eating out my palm Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on But the only one who's looking down on Me that matters now's DeShaun Am I lucky to be around this long? Begs the question though Especially after the methadone As yesterday fades and the Dresden home Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn The crowds are gone And it's time to wash out the blonde Sales decline, the curtains drawn They're closing the set, I'm still poking my head from out behind And everyone who has doubt, remind Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine 'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine? But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus I walk on water But only when it freezes 'Cause I'm only human, just like you I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh If I walked on water, I would drown 'Cause I'm just a man But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike So me and you are not alike And I started from the bottom Like a snowman groundup Like round chuck, and still put hands on you Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (get it?) Sucker free, confidence high Such a breeze when I pen rhymes I just got that air about me like wind chimes (yeah) Another day in the life (uh) Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah) Now my community's gated and I Made it and my neighbors say hi (say hi) I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now Guess it means I'm way in the sky (way in the sky) But I still remember the days of Minimum wage for general labor Welfare recipient since a minor Look how government assistance has made ya! Adversity, if at first you don't succeed Put your temper to more use 'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse That should only give you more fuel Show 'em why you're you So close, God, it's like I almost got it But close only counts in time, bombs and horseshoes So I Unabomb shit tick, tick, tick no remorse, pew! Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick That's why they call me firecracker I grew up on WIC wick, wick, wick with a short fuse I got some important news to report to Anyone who thought I was done nah bitch, not quite Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours? Do you still believe in me? Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now And walk out, I will never let you live it down I'll never quit, do you still believe in me? Man, I know sometimes These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice To me they're just ink blots I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise So you might wanna think it over twice (yeah) When you retards can roll the dice But beef will at least cost you your career 'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced But this middle finger's free as a bird Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned How to incorporate a curse Point it towards corporate America Stick a fork in and turn 'Cause fourletter words are more better heard The world forcefed a turd to me, you're getting yours But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it I was there consolin' you when no one knew it When your situation showed no improvement I was that door, you walked over to it I'm the light at the end of tunnel So people are always lookin' to me as they're goin' through it When that tunnel vision is unclear Shit becomes too much to bear Since Cleanin' Out My Closet When I was havin' trouble with the snare I'm that unrealistic prayer answered And I'ma get you jacked up like you're tryna fix a flat, uh When you struggle with despair That doublefisted, bareknuckles coupled with this pair Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare Do you still believe in me? Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now And walk out, I will never let you live it down I'll never quit, do you still believe in me? Started from the bottom like a snowman Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack And I know that I always got Proof at my back I called you Proof because I knew for a fact My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you 'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so Give me that apron and motivation to go, Hussein with the flow Fake fans left you twofaced at the show Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul Layin' vocals two days in a row True statement, hate to go down this road But there's only one route to cross this bridge So I walk in this bitch with loose change 'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll But it's never too late to start a new beginnin' That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do? Use the tools you're given! Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em? I used to play the loservictim 'Til I saw the way Proof was driven I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets Fanny packs, hourglasses If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste Man, in my younger days That dream was so much fun to chase It's like I'd run in place While this shit dangled in front of my face But how do you keep up the pace And the hunger pangs once you've won the race? When that dual exhaust is coolin' off 'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all 'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grÃce Still you feel the need to go full tilt That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will Instinctive nature, to bring the anguish (yeah) to the English language With this ink, you haters get wrote on like a piece of paper This rap shit got me travelin' place to place, you barely leave your house 'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out Simon Cowell's rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook Why your bound notebook got tied around your throat Hook it inside your mouth, go... That's what it's like when the mic is out 'Cause I'm tearin' at your fleshful dead 'Til your larynx and neck are split With these lyrics, weapons expert with Like hair extensions, extra clips And you're scared to effin' death of it Bitch, you're starin' at a legend that In a pair of Sketcher, sweatshirt ripped And hoodie black, should be strapped to a chair or stretcher Electric, swear on every record, bitch Finger so high in the air, I bet your senses flip Like a barometric pressure switch Carin' less who I offend with this I'm at your neck like Pez dispense Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch... I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose And all at once just to have somethin' to chew... Yeah, uh And still conjoined at the hip with hop Still on point and poignant Skilled as Floyd is And it's filled and still no filter, boy I'll put you in your place (yeah) like a realtor, boy You still ain't in the buldin', boy I will destroy shit, even as I build it Get the drill bit, pen is filled with poison Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it Like what? Like a real thin joint, it What? Comes on Quilted Northern And what? In a builtin toilet Yeah, bitch I told you I'm a dog (woof, woof) I wouldn't heal with ointment Way I'm kickin' these fairies tails Should write a children's storybook (yeah) Million voices in my head, but still get a little bit of thrill And some real enjoyment Off what? Off the feel of going in Like? Like your bitch when she gives me brain Like she thinks I'm dumb Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come 'Til I feel anointed She makes iller noises When she's with me, must be from the Windy City Pretty apparent, she's a M.I.L.F. when blowin' me 'Cause like Kandor and two, rippin' the condom in two, woo Dick is a bargain or two, now I'm gettin' blue like Kolonopins Rude Jude, I go there, you wouldn't Well, I still have a few views, and comment on you Just not YouTube, 'cause... I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah You're a hasbeen That has been the case since back when You last went and threw your hat in the race You've been trash Stick your raps in the trash bin Or end up in my next rhyme You're a fuckboy, so next time It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant With a TEC9 against Rex Ryan, yeah! Now watch me set it like correct time All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex time I clock rejects into the next line Talkin' reckless, that is just my Strongest suit, but you can get my Columbian neck tie Prostitute just climb in the Humvee and lets ride Why you hitching at night? I put an end to your life (sex crime) Kidding aside, insidious vibe Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes But all you're getting is bribe Ending your life to try to get you inside Then we gon' end up spending the night And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her Up, binds up, cuts, slices her twice But the muff diver must just like it rough Fuck right in her vagina, blood Flies up, under thighs, ugh, like a gyser, uh Music, please Enthusi', instead of roofie Goal is to get a floozie inside the jacuzzi And have a loosie, goosey as coozie is with an Uzi But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen Glued me be, I'm truTV, you're too PG I'm Schoolly D, you're spoony, G No diss there, just notice there are no similarities that we share Besides the fact we breathe air Happily married, to rap and I'm glad that we buried The hatchet and patched it up Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack And I'm at your mothafuckin' throat like... Chloraseptic, 'septic And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose Hands up, officer don't shoot Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot We may never understand each other, it's no use We ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you Pull up on the side of you Window rolled down, 'profile' Then we wonder why we see this side of you Probably comin' from the dope house We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do? I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin' No matter how many lives you ruin It's for the red, white and blue Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two No one's ever indicted you Why? 'Cause you're a... White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar (My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live) White boy, white boy, in your cop car (But I don't listen to her 'cause my head is like a sieve) White boy, white boy, you're untouchable (The world's coming to an end, I don't even care) Nobody can tell me shit cause I'm a (big rockstar) Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that Balderdash, where'd you get the chip on your shoulder at? Why you kicking that soda can? Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and Throw your ass in the van cuffed You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands And put our minds more at ease Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities That's what we call 'em pigsties for They're like eyesores to police Talk to you like just a piece of trash Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in To the sixties, having black skin is risky 'Cause this keeps happening Throughout history, AfricanAmericans have been treated like shit And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a... White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar (My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live) White boy, white boy, in your cop car (But I don't listen to her 'cause my head is like a sieve) White boy, white boy, you're untouchable (The world's coming to an end, I don't even care) Nobody can tell me shit cause I'm a (big rockstar) Seems like the average lifespan of a white man Is more than twice than a black life span I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance I'd rather hear 'em say Die Nword than Die Antwoord Ninja, now it's better disguised banter But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially And can't find answers We're applying, but McDonald's Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire So how can we have higher standards? As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter We fight back with violence but acts like that are Black eyes on the movement Which makes black lives madder At cops and cops madder That's why it's at a stalemate Can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot Call the attack dogs off of us, man You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns And know nobody black so they act afraid of us And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em A subconscious racist Wait, why are there black neighborhoods? 'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area Separated us, SectionEight'd us When we tear it up's the only time attention's paid to us And education sucks, and every day's another Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz Why is it they treat us like dryer lint? We just want a safe environment for our kids But can't escape the sirens Don't take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in The poverty that we face so the crime rate's the highest in The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence And we're trapped in these racial biases That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise Every time we see a devil's face Lions, tigers, and bears, oh my It's more like billy clubs and gats And we really love it when you think we're guilty 'cause we're black But you kill each other, facts You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats Single mother strugglin' through substance abuse While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes Fuck your Republican views Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots? And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black You better be strapped with a derringer Or be capped in America like Steve Rogers 'Cause no one oversees these cops and All we see is 'em beat charges We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious, and got off So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings Just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance If you try to slander the flag but Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum If you don't stand for the national anthem We raise it, you better praise it Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield Home of the brave is still racist 'ville So this whole nation feels like a plantation field In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals That had its Natives killed Got you singin' this starspangled spiel I've been a liar, been a thief Been a lover, been a cheat All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something If all it's gonna cause is pain Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain So let the river run He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict And she just wants to exact revenge and get back It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jetpack She's kept track of all his Internet chats And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks 'Cause she loves danger, psychopath And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand So she's been on the web lately Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said Bye Suzanne After the first night, but tonight I am I've been a liar, been a thief Been a lover, been a cheat All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something If all it's gonna cause is pain The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain So let the river run Onenight stand, turned to a twonight stand It was come sunlight, scram, now we hug tight, and... He found out, now she feels deserted and used 'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through? It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you So I revert to the studio, like holeinthewall diners Don't have to be reserved in a booth I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew And now that I got you I don't want you Took advantage in my thirst to pursue Why do I do this dirt that I do? Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound 'Cause now with her in the womb We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit Fuck! I've been a liar, been a thief Been a lover, been a cheat All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something If all it's gonna cause is pain The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain So let the river run My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh) River (ooh), river run Call me (ooh), call me (ooh) River (ooh), we'll let the river run Always the bridesmaid, never The bride, hey! Fuck can I say? If life was a highway And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe That's why I may have came at you sideways I can't keep my lies straight But I made you terminate my baby This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled What else can I say? It was fun for a while Bet I really woulda loved your smile Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child? I've been a liar, been a thief Been a lover, been a cheat All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me Well, little one (I'm sorry) I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up) If all it's gonna cause is pain The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain Damn girl You drive me crazy You may be crazy too You make me do things I normally wouldn't do You make me feel things That I never felt It gotta be the real thing Yo! I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin' Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin Calling all party animals, get On the floor when I pop up on some WhackAMole shit In search of a chick who stacked them so thick And implants are so big She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits Like Anna Nicole Smith Body's bananas and sass to go wit' I spot you at first glance and go shit! You wearin' those pants that don't fit That butt won't ever give up That's why you stick it out no matter what 'Cause you got an ass that won't quit So, get on the horn, my saxophone Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow! You just laugh and go heehee 'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate That's why I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me) I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me) You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo With me on it I'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer Your booty is heavy duty like diarrhea The plan's to bring you to my house You're drinkin' Jack and Beam I'm thinkin' soon as trampolines so we should bounce But you're out of your tubetop If you're thinkin' that mi casa es su casa Yeah, you're a cute fox Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk Girl, you're smokin' like Snoop Dogg But you must be Token if you think you're takin' over my quarters There goes the dime into the jukebox Two shots of blue Hpnotiq and soon I'll Turn this pool hall to a barroom brawl So, Rick, scratch on the break like the cue ball Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw But apparently, so are you, ma 'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off And that's why I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me) I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me) Said can I take you home, where we can be alone? Shorty, you the shit Girl, I ordered you to sit I know you're probably feelin' me more than you admit Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink I only go to meetings courtordered from a shrink So from the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million 'Cause real tits are still fun But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones So come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of But tonight, curiosity overrides ya Besides you're fire (I love) like a starter pistol Crystal and slides huns, tonight I'm your pilot 'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl You're so fucking fly, you belong in the mile high club So come on, baby, the night's young Don't string me along, I'm highstrung We might wind it up, unbound like we're trying for the Cy Young Fuckin' 'fore we get to the house, screwin' our brains out Like changing a lightbulb That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya Now every time I get brain, you screw mine up I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck So ready, set, aim and fire Yes, babe, I'm fallin' in likeness kinda, why I love I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me) I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me I've drowned in high from the ashes now I can't recall your laughter The smoke of every single grasp but ends of what's left over And the lights in every broken blown out window screaming, laughing I love to feel the course hang out Yeah, shout to everybody Who's been on this trip with me You don't have to, agree But if you feel like me Someone get this Aryan a sheet Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached Everybody on your feet This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street This chump barely even sleeps All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats While he looks like a canary with a beak Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet? He's tryin' to divide us This shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us 'Cause nothin' inside us drives us like this fight does Similar to when two cars collide 'cause Our spirit's crushed, and this spot's a tight one But here the jaws of life come To pull us from the wreckage, that's what we get pride from When we can't wear stars and stripes 'cause This type of pickle that we're in is hard to deal But there's always tomorrow still If we start from scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal And band together for Charlottesville And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter Let's start from zero, this is our renewal Spray tan, get rid of, get a brand new, better America, and here's to where it all And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!) Here's to the land that made me And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!) Here's to the land that raised me This one for the only place that really knows me From the cracks in the road that drove me There's no place like home Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya? Can't denounce the Klan, 'cause they play golf with ya You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off Nazi, I do not see a way y'all differ And all you got are race cards, bigot The swastika with your name carved in it Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off And you just lick the plate off So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos So basically, you ate off Hitler! But you ain't ruinin' our country, punk Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us 'Cause like a dictionary, things are lookin' up So much, got a sprained neck, know we would rise up Against this train wreck and take a stand Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag To sing The StarSpangled Banner This man just praised a statue of General Lee 'Cause he generally hates the black people, degrades hispanics Take it back to the Shady national convention Wish I woulda spit on it before I went to shake his hand At the event or maybe had the wherewithal To know that he was gonna try to tear apart Our sacred land we cherish and stand for So, hands in the air, let's hear it for The start of a brand new America Without him and be proud of where we're from And here's to where we all And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!) Here's to the land that made me And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!) Here's to the land that raised me This one for the only place that really knows me From the cracks in the road that drove me There's no place like home I won't give up I won't give up on my home, that so many died for You already know that I won't give up I won't give up on my home, that so many died for You already know There's no place like home, no place like home Wherever I go, no place like home No place like home, no place like home Wherever I go (yeah) And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!) Here's to the land that made me And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!) Here's to the land that raised me This one for the only place that really knows me From the cracks in the road that drove me We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight So much baggage, need a luggage rack But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone It was funny back in our youth But then it wasn't after we knew That we were done and actually through (and actually through) But if there's one fraction of truth If it could be spun back I would do So many things different (things different) 'Cause it was such a dumbass excuse You hit me once and that I would use To continue the pattern of abuse Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I'm confused Because How come you can be a lord and a loser? How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? A good dad, but a bad husband Why are you a good father? A great dad, but a bad husband You were the beat I loved with a writer's block The line that's hot, that I forgot We laughed a little, cried a lot I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie Day before you went to jail and daily How we'd wait for that mail lady Or by the phone for Mom to call And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on Givin' it one more try despite it all You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot Every line we crossed we were supposed to not Every time we fought, the insults, they gotâ thrown too far Words that we said that we didn't mean The words that we meant that we didn't say The ones that we thought that we shoulda said Letters written that we coulda read Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead And had this put to bed But I'd be lyin' still if I said I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself How come you can be a lord and a loser? How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? A good dad, but a bad husband Why are you a good father? A great dad, but a bad husband (<i>[Hailie]<i> Dad) (you said) Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) But there's always another side to a good father A great dad, but a bad husband We brought out the worst in each other Someone had to make the sparring end 'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me And I don't wanna see that side again But I'm sorry, Kim More than you could ever comprehend Leavin' you was fuckin' harder than Sawing off a fuckin' body limb Once upon a time where all we had Maybe that's what drew us To each other, it was true love Shit, we never knew was possible We might have loved each other too much And maybe that's what made us do what We did to each other, all the screwups 'Cause you always thought that you was More in love with me And I was thinkin' I was more in love than you was For all the times that we thought it worked 'Til we saw how wrong we were When the dust settles now and all the dirt If I touch the rawest nerve All I want is for us not to hurt And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words But I just heard Mockingbird And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds I've caused a few and so have you Or argue whose fault it was Partly yours, partly mine, but really no one's This is so tough, I'm gettin' choked up Oh fuck it, we both suck We broke up, got back together We both thought we had forever Not bad people, just bad together We were so nuts, backstabbed each other Another blow struck, but there's no duckin' this blow 'Cause it's over and it's closure But I'm not so sure how to close this I just don't know how some people can be so good At one thing and so fucked at a whole nother Shit, it's no wonder How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser? How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? A good dad, but a bad husband Why are you a good father? A great dad, but a bad husband (<i>[Hailie]<i> Dad) (you said) Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) But there's always another side to a good father I'm stumbling, I can't see straight And it's my fault I got this way I got my hands on something great And found a way to mess it all up I did my best, I tried to change But it's just in my DNA I got my hands on something great And found a way to fuck it up again Now I'm the one thing You couldn't hate more But you're the one thing That I would die for All my life, I was told I was never nothing special I don't need to be reminded of it Every other second 'Specially when all my selfesteem's Already shot the hell up Falling helplessly, I'm embarrased And I don't want no one else to see 'Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit Every time she yells at me Selfishly indeed But definitely doesn't help that she Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven But makes life a living hell for me She does that thing with her lip Now she's melting me I'm putty in her palms I'm wrapped around her finger A yoyo on a string She lets me sit there and just dangle Until something better comes along And she'll just drop me like a hot potato I look like I'm in pain But I'm okay, though 'Cause I know she loves me My friends, what do they know? It's like I'm drowning at sea Hoping that you reach for me I know you're there but I can't see 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings I'm dying to breathe And all you do is strangle me Such a beautiful relief 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings Drunk off tragic endings In my moments of weakness I openly admit this shit, I wouldn't normally I'm extremely selfconscious And enormously Insecure and she uses it to torture When she torments me It only turns to ammunition for her In this war When she gets going, she don't stop When I'm up, she's like a downer When I found her It was love at first encounter Plus, somehow, she must've took the carton Of eggs off the counter Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground For me to walk on when I'm around her But there's just something 'bout her That makes me not able to function without her How can I get out of it When I don't know how to? I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist Make a believer out of me And show me the way now Or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain 'Cause I'm going straight down the drain I'm drowning It's like I'm drowning at sea Hoping that you reach for me I know you're there but I can't see 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings I'm dying to breathe And all you do is strangle me Such a beautiful relief 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings Drunk off tragic endings Now I'm the one thing You couldn't hate more But you're the one thing That I would die for It took a while for me to get it But I think I've figured it out She don't want me, she just don't wanna See me with someone else The idea of seeing me happy Destroys her in itself To see me falling to pieces Brings her joy, brings her hell But it annoys her to see me Get this straight, then say screw her I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick I'm addicted to her She's tryna block the door So here's how I do her Since I'm manure, she's a sewer This time, this piece of shit's running through her I can see that right now, I'm running to it What the fuck? Should've knew it Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it? As soon as I hopped in it, she gassed the car with lighter fluid She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it It's like I'm drowning at sea Hoping that you reach for me I know you're there but I can't see 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings I'm dying to breathe And all you do is strangle me Such a beautiful relief 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings Feeling kinky, lip syncing to Too $hort's Freaky Tales (Biatch!) Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking And envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals But when murdering females Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail If you get scratched because your DNA'll Be all up under her fingernails Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly I said I'm here to do sink repairs. Chop her up, put her body parts In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there But hey man, I was framed I know what this looks like, officers Please just give me one minute I think I can explain I ain't murdered nobody I know these words are so nutty But I'm just here to entertain How come your shirt is so bloody? There's a missing person, so what? He's Got nothin' to do with me I'm almost certain I was framed Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on Donald Duck's on, there's a Tonka Truck in the yard But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car? Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon me Plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond Second murder with no recollection of it Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it Memory's too fucked to remember, destructive temper Cut my public defender's jugular then stuck him up in a blender Another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably 'Cause the disassembled body Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly I'm wanted for questioning Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me But hey man, I was framed I know what this looks like, officers Please just give me one minute I think I can explain I ain't murdered nobody I know these words are so nutty But I'm just here to entertain How come your shirt is so bloody? There's a missing person, so what? He's Got nothin' to do with me I'm almost certain I was framed Still on the loose, they Spotted me inside McDonald's Tuesday In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase Just escaped from the state pen For <i>[edited]<i> eight women who hate men Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked When I break in your basement Under your baby's play pen, I lay in, wait adjacent Facin' the door, remainin' patient while stayin' complacent Blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home You'll get the hint, ho I'm in your window But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene In a verse and be charged with first degree 'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly With the massacre or the Burger King burglary No, officer, you see... I was framed I know what this looks like, officers Please just give me one minute I think I can explain I ain't murdered nobody I know these words are so nutty But I'm just here to entertain How come your shirt is so bloody? There's a missing person, so what? He's Got nothin' to do with me Ashes blowing in the air. Our world's on fire, but we don't care. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told. We're going nowhere fast. I feel sorry for this beat. Sympathy pains for this track. This road is taking me back Down memory lane with this rap. I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback. I'm simply stating a fact I had Wembley Stadium packed. But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast. Another terrorist attacks Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up. Alas. We perish in the blast, But that isn't scaring us. We pass nowhere, we're fearless 'Cause we're just Ashes blowing in the air. Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give aâ no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast. 'Cause we're going noâ, going noâ Going noâ, going noâ, going noâ, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. Going nowhere fast. Fuck doing what you're told. Act like a twoyear old. Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow anyways. For MCs it's a funeral When I'm devising this rhyme 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning. That's why I rise and I shine Like a new day has dawned on me. Gusto, guts, bravado. Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot. I must have got you in somewhat of a debacle 'Cause some stuff that's awful Really don't mean nothing although There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow. But if at times my heart it seems like it's in the wrong place. It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve. Keanu Reeves. Speed of life. Avoid or veer or just steer toward it. We're only looking forward, but Where we're going. We have no idea. Nowhere to go but hysterical. It's getting warm in here. I set the world on fire. Was born to be an arsonist. Just one spark and it's lit, But I'mma still get dark on this shit. Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch. War machine? But you've forced me in a corner I'm sure to have something for your rear And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe. Go to war with me you'll end up blew to Timbuktu. I send at you a tenton nuke like Kim JongUn And end up ruining your career. But when all is said and done And at the end of my run I just rewind clocks. Forever young. Make time stop. Will I ever fall off? That day'll never come 'Til the pine box. Bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was. 'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause This world's screwed, It's already fucked and I'm on top. So everyone's just Ashes blowing in the air. So what? Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give aâ no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast. 'Cause we're going noâ, going noâ Going noâ, going noâ, going noâ, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. Going nowhere fast. You can't tell us nothing. Hardheaded and we're stubborn. So, one ear and out the other. When we're young We're on the run of our lives. Who knows what the future for us could hold. Another shooter. Uh oh. No more tomorrow's. We're done. And all we are is Ashes blowing in the air. So what? Our world's on fire, but we don't care. We don't give aâ no, no. Wasted youth, always on the road, Never looking back and we're never getting old 'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold. Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told. We're going nowhere fast. 'Cause we're going noâ, going noâ Going noâ, going noâ, going noâ, Going nowhere. We're on the run of our lives. (Wanna take it from the top?) Lady you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit Cause you got an ass thick as them accents Two ass cheek implants, call that an asset 'Cause you could stick a glass on it, it's massive From the first time I saw you I actually said to myself, I gotta meet her like a taxi Exactly, love affair in the backseat Sorry if I'm being graphic, but I'm stiff as a statue You sat on a shelf, I feel like I'm a bust Maybe I'm just ahead of myself Let me slow down, slow your Camaro I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna' jump your bones to the marrow Got me under your control and your spell Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow Grab you by the (meow), hope it's not a problem in fact About the only fact I agree on with Donald is that So when I put this palm on your cat Don't snap, it's supposed to be grabbed Why do you think they call it a snatch I just wanna climb in the sack I'ma keep it 100, like my speedometer's at I'm watching you rap, I'm the dude following in back About six cars back, I'm in the lac And I want to (uh) All day, all day, all night You ask, I stay the night With you, you say you're vile Me too, you're burning up I'm running... All day, all night You feel, my heat (fire...) Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat Hate to inconvenience you at the convenience store But those jeans you wore, like I've never seen before I pretend to work there, while I clean the floor Checking you out, like the clerk, while he rings you up Pull up behind you while you're leaving and you don't even know it (ayo, Rick, man) She's brushing her hair, adjusting her mirror, she's rapping my shit But she wasn't aware, I was there, or maybe she was, and just didn't care Who knows, at least that isn't up in the air It's something to see But just like a girl who thinks her coochie doesn't stink If she ain't planning to do shit, this summers eve Maybe she wants to keep me company But fuck the PepÃ Le Pew shit! Ain't steppin' to you, bitch, I say to myself Plus she's bumpin' my music, ain't chasin' no tail Like a skunk in heat I could sweat her to some degree But fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me (Could you repeat that again?) Let her come to me, male sweater, some degree, fail Fuck it, pull up beside her Sideswipe her, Dodge Vipeher What is a brighter ass if she wants a computer lodged in her vagina? Said my dick is an apple, she said put it inside her I said... All day, all day, all night You ask, I stay the night With you, you say you're vile Me too, you're burning up I'm running... All day, all night You feel, my heat (fire...) Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat Black out, come to, hands covered in blood Motherfucking gloves and a shover stuck in the mud I just bodied the beat, so that hoe must've been dug Cause it just died like ooh, food coloring, duh So let's get turnt, like a shish kebab, twist it Ma Like an Air Conditioning knob We be great together Don't care if it takes forever If I gotta wait, I guess it's better late than never You felt my heat, rubbing off on you I love your personality Come on, little mama, you're hot enough to melt Rick's beat Come jump in the water, I bet you get your self esteem From your persona With an ass to match, girl your body is lit You're striking, I'm a gas Girl, you're just gonna have to put the mother chumps on the back burner You got puns, I got asperger's Just let me rest my head in between that set of Ds While I shred MC's, like cheddar cheese That's just the thoroughbred me in me, ain't a better breed My dog thinks so too, look at my predigree Ma, the world is what I think of you I think you're divine, so I might swing on you I'm just kidding girl, I wouldn't lift a finger or two Unless it's the middle finger, to finger you All day, all day, all night You ask, I stay the night With you, you say you're vile Me too, you're burning up I'm running... Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat Under ones and twos, threes and four (the morning) Wait for the cut like Neosporin (what?) He's mixing it up for me and Lauren A teddy like short for Theodore We're outtie, five thousand You claim if you get knocked by the cops You'll give 'em not even a statement Walk in the arraignment, shoot the bailiff Karate kick the plaintiff Gotti with the stainless I'll just call it shoddy entertainment If y'all was in the party gettin' faded On molly, had the audience sedated You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted Probably let it fall and hit the pavement But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it Bitch, stop bein' a lame Your hobby isn't robbery and dismemberin' body limbs Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells And chainsawing them in the basement Hardly fits your job description Ain't nobody dippin' out the back of the club like, Oh my God, he's trippin' Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it? Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it I need to stop bein' debated You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still coppin' a feel Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy This blonde fuck's reprehensible misconducts, never sensible Kiss my butt, my set of principles is gone But 'til I get the President to respond My pen and pencil is a missile launcher And send it to Mitch McConnell Just as big of a bitch as Donald Shit's on, bruh Let me sing this shit soprano While I do it pizzicato Ivanka, stiff arm her While I'm hittin' on Melania And this song's for all ya 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me They want me to go eat some worms (I hope you offended) And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt But I'ma make you eat your words (I hope you offended) You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse (I hope you offended) 'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up 'Til everybody eats my turds These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam I'm gettin' handys with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest I'm imagining objects, so I'm batting cobwebs From a daddy longleg And Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent Twice her age and I'm actin' half it Grow up? Nah Not that I know of, y'all Basement just got a frickin' overhaul, got a stripper pole installed Started rollin' all through those Kolonopins like a bowlin' ball Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol and go through no withdrawal While I get fellatio and give a facial to an interracial blowup doll of Rachel Dolezal You're so appalled, so's my manager Bitch I'm amateur, fuck a pro career Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here And nobody's close, so don't compare They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here My competition can't see me 'Cause I don't own a mirror But Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted I'm so narcissistic, when I fart, I sniff it Do a fake dab to smell my armpits with it Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs But I made strides with these rape lines I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes Bang, bang, bang, bang time Dang knives'll butcher them gay wives You're gonna need sutures the same size As the blade I push into captcha When I pull 'em like sleigh rides Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times To make it on Dateline I came to stake my claim like a canine Waitin' in a buffet line So Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre Come play, belly dance on me I've been making wedding plans all day 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me They want me to go eat some worms (I hope you offended) And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt But I'ma make you eat your words (I hope you offended) You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse (I hope you offended) 'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up 'Til everybody eats my turds Eight year old with the wordplay Girl, take this pole like a survey Today wasn't my birthday But I'm caked up like a dessert tray So we're in shape 'Cause you're in a slurrin' state I'm a ten, you're an eight, like what I do before, after, and during rape You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better? And they made a fool out of what I pulled out him R. Kelly with a full bladder Nonhigh school grad, I'm not a scholar But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge my degrees It's the same as I got in college (zero) But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect I owe you nada like Haloti, partner blow me Told you I'm so dirty, homie you can throw me in some holy water With some floaties on And get the soap, and try to get the Pope to hold me While you hose me off And nope I won't be washed You hope to God I don't explode, I gotta blow this spot up, though I got a lotta more I won't put the sugar coating on it though 'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped You feel like a wet pile of crap But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone, uh huh I get why you're tapped But you gotta get your fire back Catch fire, get upset and fire back Is what I tell myself When times get bad 'Cause sometimes I might get sad But I take the same advice I had And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie, when life's a drag Told her to do like her dad, don't cry, get mad 'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me I'm right in your ass (sodomy) 'Fore the pen, I stood up for the kid who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school) You ain't have to have no money or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain, it's rised too high to count it Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish I had a dime for every time that I was doubted But then I think about it and I'm enraged 'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid For the time I spent to put the pen to the page It'd be minimum wage But it's embedded in my head. I never hunted for the bread and butter What I wanted was to be the one that they were scared of But I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood I put up in the pen And when I'm dead I wonder will they put me on a pedestal Or forget I was ever this incredible I guess I better go harder than ever 'cause I'll never get Another motherfuckin' opportunity again To offend as many people with this I can, simply because I can 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me They want me to go eat some worms (I hope you offended) And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt But I'ma make you eat your words (I hope you offended) You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse (I hope you offended) 'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up You're drunk The carpet is burned I hate to find you like this I always find you like this I come home and clean up your mess What would you do without that? Why do I always come back? Oh What I wouldn't do for you And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you needed me And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you needed me Some nights I want to run for the hills It's never easy with you I cannot reason with you But your smile is as rare as it comes What would I do without that Maybe that's why I come back Oh, what I wouldn't do for you And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you needed me And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you needed me Starting to think we were made for each other But one of us in this relationship is raising the other You remind me of my mother We drive one another crazy as each other And we're both adults, so there's no excuse For the games that we play with each other Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, mothafucker! But I give her the benefit of the doubt Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her 'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker How her bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble She's in hot water, think I caught her cheating again Give her another chance? Another one after that? I'm swimming in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shiteating grin when I smile Making an excuse for us to act it out She's just acting out with her inner child Then I set the truth on fire 'Cause I'd rather believe a lie Then I breathe a sigh of relief, I don't believe in Going to bed mad, I keep on trying To make a bad girl good But haven't I stood by you in good times? And bad? I'm starting to feel like your goddamn dad 'Cause I literally feel like you could die if ever should I Leave you for good and never would I It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy And you're a good person too I can save you, I can make you change But I keep putting my fucking foot in my mouth Every time I gotta come and bail you out When you get in trouble that you get yourself in And I'm in trouble, but I can't leave, I'll sell you out I could never turn my fucking back on youâwhat is that? I'm codependent, I'm just now noticing it But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart Our apartment's tore apart You're using my heart for a dartboard But God must've aligned stars for us 'Cause somebody paired us up And they say He ain't capable of making a mistake But this one's perfect, 'cause I'mâ And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you needed me And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombieieie What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombieieie, oh I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get Away from these problems 'til all of my sorrows I forget What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'? Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over Yeah right, oh and I might go and Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one I try to look alive because there's nothin' like holdin' Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just hide, so in Case you're wonderin' why are my inside's showin' 'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine so I'm Pickin' them up and stuffin' them back Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit Recovery brought me nothin' but back To right where I was and perhaps This coulda been my victory lap if I wasn't on the verge of Relapse What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombieieie What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombieieie, oh It seems to be the reoccurring main theme The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen I went from an irate teenager to still raging As an adult, amazing back then I put anything Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it Yay me, I did it! Did what? Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty Percent of what I rapped about Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating Shady and entertaining from real life But this fame thing is still the hardest thing to explain It's the craziest shit I Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even Bothered taking into consideration You one day being older and may hear me say things I did it, pay me, and be, it just ain't me Okay, so ladies and gentlemen let's strip away everything And see the main reason that I feel like a lame piece of shit Or should I sound cranky and bitter Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things 'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see I feel ashamed, greedy and lately I've been contemplating Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me It's making me crazy what's in my? In your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombieieie What's in your head, in your head I built this castle Now we are trapped on the throne I'm sorry weâre alone I wrote my chapter You'll turn the page when I'm gone I hope youâll sing along This is your song I just want you to know that I ain't scared Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared To do whatever, to do whatever December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie This is your song You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy That's all that matters for the time being But obviously assuming you will be Just thinking ahead, Iâma make it if it kills me Letâs see how far I can take it with this music I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion Sorry for sloppy writing The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me Dadâs a little nervous, but at the same time excited If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write them With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl Welcome to Mom and Dadâs crazy world Love, Daddy, maple flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup I built this castle Now we are trapped on the throne I'm sorry we're alone I wrote my chapter You'll turn the page when I'm gone I hope you'll sing along This is your song I just want you to know that I ain't scared Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared To do whatever, to do whatever December 1st, 1996, dear Hailie You got your momma's personality, same eyes as I got Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are Sorry for that, a little minor mishap But you'll grow into them, baby, I'm on the grind now I'm doing little shows, open mics, allnighters at studios While I'm tryna keep the lights on Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far? I just keep steering, I'ma turn into someone I haven't the slightest clue what I'ma do if it falls through You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh I think I might have just stumbled onto something new Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true I built this castle Now we are trapped on the throne I'm sorry we're alone I wrote my chapter You'll turn the page when I'm gone I hope you'll sing along This is your song I just want you to know that I ain't scared Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared To do whatever, to do whatever December 24th, 2007, dear Hailie Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame I've said your name but always tried to hide your face This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?! Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it Onehundred percent finished Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote As a goodbye note, 'cause your dad's at the end of his rope I'm sliding down a slippery slope Anyways sweetie, I better go If I could rewind time like a tape Inside a boombox One day for every pill Or percocet that I ate Cut down on the Valium I'da heard everything But death is turning so definite, wait They got me all hooked up to some machine I love you, Bean Didn't want you to know I was struggling Feels like I'm underwater Submerged like a submarine Just heard that nurse say My liver and kidneys aren't functioning Been flirtatious with death Skirtchasing, I guess It's arrivederci Same nurse, just heard say They're unplugging me And it's your birthday Jade, I'm missing your birthday Baby girl, I'm sorry I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai And sweeties, thank you for waiting To open gifts But, girls, you can just open 'em Dad ain't making it home for Christmas Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss I go to make a fist But I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff I yell, but nothing comes out I'm crying inside, I shout My vocal cords won't permit me I scream, but it's not aloud You put your arm around mama To calm her, wow I just thought about the aisle I'll never get to walk us down Never see you Graduate in your caps and gowns It's 'bout to be 2008 How's this happening now? I've got so much more to do And Proof, I'm truly sorry If I let you down, but this tore me in two The thought of no more me and you You gave me shoes, Nikes like new For me for school Doody, I'm trying, but you You were the glue that binded So many things, time I'd give anything to rewind it I had to walk down my halls And constantly be reminded By pictures all on my walls And I couldn't sleep at night 'cause That image burned in my brain Of you on the table Me falling across your body Not able to stand to save you God, why did you take him? I'm tryna keep his legacy alive But I'm dying, where's Nathan? Little ladies, be brave Take care of your mother Smile pretty for pictures Always cherish each other I'll always love ya And I'll be in the back of your memory And I know you'll never forget me Just don't get sad when remembering And, little bro, keep making me proud You better marry that girl 'Cause she's faithfully down And when you're exchanging those sacred vows Just know that if I could be there, I would And should you ever see parenthood I know you'll be good at it Oh, almost forgot to do something Thank my father too I actually learnt a lot from you You taught me what not to do And Mom, wish I'd have had the chance To have one last hearttoheart Honest and open talk to you Doody, I see you I go to walk to you And I can feel my soul leave my body And float across the room Nurses lean over the bed Pulling tubes out Then the sheet over my head Shut the room down Girls, please don't get upset I see those cheeks soaking and wet As you squeeze hold of my neck So forcibly, don't wanna let Me go, pillow drenched Emotional wrecks With every second each closer to death But suddenly, I feel my heart Begin to beat slow, then a breath Machines go (beep, beep, beep) Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit I'm tryna rewind time like a tape Find an escape Make a beeline Try and awake From this dream, I need to refind My inner strength To remind me Even if a steep climb I must take To rewrite a mistake I'm rewinding the tape (I don't want it) I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it One hundred percent finished, fed up with it I'm hanging it up, fuck it Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet Shred these old letters I wrote All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll I'm proud to be back I'm 'bout to, like a rematch Outdo Relapse With Recovery, Mathers LP2 Help propel me to Victory laps Gas toward them and fast forward the past Consider the last four minutes as That's the song I'd have sang to my daughters If I'd have made it to the hospital Less than two hours later, but I fought it Came back like a boomerang on 'em Now a new day is dawning I'm up, Tuesday, it's morning Yeah, yo I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me, 'cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now Yeah, let me explain just how to make greatness Straight out the gate, I'm 'bout to break it down Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake I'm 'bout To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows If I press the issue just to get the anger out (brrr) Full magazine could take Staples out Savage, but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account But, bitch, I'm off the chain like Kala Brown Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin' my talent? Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y'all are To give a subpar bar, even have an opinion or view You mention me, millions of views, attention in news I mention you, loselose for me, winwin for you Billions of views, your ten cents are two Skim through the music to give shit reviews To get clicks, but, bitch, you just lit the fuse Don't get misconstrued, business as us' Shitlist renewed so get shit to do Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get what the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' tto Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow Everyone copies though? Probably no Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi yo, adios I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though Not even dissin', it just ain't for me All I am simply is just an MC Maybe Stan just isn't your cup of tea (Get it) Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean Maybe I need to stir up shit Preferably shake the world up if it were up to me Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill I should eat a pill, probably I will Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed Like an evil spell, I'm EVIL (evil, but spelled) Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick Stick it in a vice grip, hang it on a spike fence Bang it with a pipe wrench While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch Like vicepresident Mike Pence Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic Since ninetenths of your rhyme is about ice and Jesus Christ, man, how many times is someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!) You won't ever see Em icy, but as cold as I get on the MIC I polarize shit so the temps might freeze And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah) Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough Nah, turn the valium up! 'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut Now, when it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks You'll turn around and just be like, Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks? And now he wants to take it out on us (oohooh) But last week, an exfan mailed me a copy Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (oohooh) I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry Especially an effing Recovery clone of me So fingerbang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae' Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name I'm fed up with being humble And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard bumblings I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbojumbo The era that I'm from will pummel you That's what it's comin' to What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it? I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two And dump on you if you ain't Joyner If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean then you're a goner I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider Maybe the vocals should have been autotuned And you would have bought it But sayin' I no longer got it 'Cause you missed a lot and never caught it 'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it 'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic With a bottle full of malt liquor But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet I don't see why y'all even started with me I get in beefs, my enemies die I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased I'm east side, never be caught slippin' Now you see why I don't sleep Not even a wink, I don't blink I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage The Thing ain't even orangeâoh my God, that's a reach! Shout to all my colorblind people, each and every one of y'all If you call a fire engine green, aquamarine Or you think water is pink Dawg, that's a date, Looks like an olive to me Look, there's an apple! No it's not, it's a peach! So fingerbang, Pootie Tang Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang Charlamagne gonna hate anyway Doesn't matter what I say Give me Donkey of the Day What a way for 2018 to get underway But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah) Invite them in like a One A Day I'm not done (preach) 'Cause I feel like the beast of burden That line in the sand, was it even worth it? 'Cause the way I see people turning's Is makin' it seem worthless It's startin' to defeat the purpose I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict Or still yet to be determined? 'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshiped But if I could go back I'd at least reword it And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent Sold the dream to that he's deserted But I think it's workin' These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous And he's too scurred to answer me with words 'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered But I know at least he's heard it 'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists I said, Only when it comes to ink and lyricists But my beef is more media journalists (Hold up, hold up, hold upâ) I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist Can get a mouthful of flesh And, yes, I mean eating a penis 'Cause they been pannin' my album to death So I been givin' the media fingers Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh But they been puttin' me through the ringer So, I ain't ironin' shit out with the press Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah) Sayin' I should quit (ah) I fuckin' tell 'em make me (bitch) Eat a fuckin' dick (yeah) I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo!) On the beat who ever did it Mike Will the one who made it It's Shady on the lyrics I'm somewhat outlandish they say You say we're cut from the same cloth But I guess you fabricate, eh? You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin' At anything that may stand in they way As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee Must have missed my CAT scan that day (yeah!) I just threw a Tampax at Dre Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray I'm turning back to a madman, can't take Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage My basal ganglia's an A to the K Get your ass sprayed like bidets Breakin' your legs eight different ways, aim for the waist You chumps don't even know how to do somethin' To give goosebumps a day when you say That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat If you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell The bar for me what I rap isn't fair but Guess that's the standard I'm held to But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya You set a mark too high when platinum sales are Looked at as a failure (yeah) Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper 'Cause damn it I'm still theâ Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wifebeaters, white tshirts, white But I'm the greatest So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (what?) Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (haha) Wait, what was I just about to say? Oh yeah, let me get this out the way I know there's people that are pissed about the way I mispronounced a name, DIE ANTWOORD! Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs To let ya girl get fucked by Muggs I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (woo!) This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to Give you a shoutânow get the fuck out my rhyme book! No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window Somebody better childproof it 'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop So you can call it a nostril 'cause it'snotâ gonna ever I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop 'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre 'Cause on the mic I feel like I'm theâ Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wifebeaters, white tshirts, white But I'm the greatest Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (what?) Is you're one dimension I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension And you just stuck the key up in the ignition And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah) Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag Bet you I come back twice as bad (uh) Revival didn't go viral! Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road Fuck that, I'm finna hit back 'Til I run out of gun powder and split the scene Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine Trigger me and Slim gets mean (prr!) Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!) Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee You ain't harmin' a thing I hit a dame as hard as I'm gonna swing I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling But like a wedding band You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 'Cause I know one day I'm gonna be theâ Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world No lie, I might be The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it I feel like the greatest Woke up to honkies sounding like me Never be as good, never be as good Packing up wifebeaters, white tshirts, white Whoa, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it All my life I want a Grammy, but I'll prolly never get it I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon (Yah I said it) Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you Fuck you too, woo! Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall Turn my back on you, all of you finished Back to these bullets, it's back to the job Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin' Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin' These packs and I'm actually pumpin' Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin' You mighta went platinum but that don't mean nothin' I'm actually buzzin' this time Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine I do not fuck with you guys If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers Some chains and some blades and a couple of nines Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree My twelve days of Christmas was nothin' but lies I run at you hard like a sumo (Sumo) They say I talk like a chulo (Chulo) I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno (Woo) Bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (Rah) You play your cards, I reverse on you all And I might just draw 4 like a Uno (Bup) CÃllate boca mejor, maricÃ³n, little puto, and all of you culo (Joyner) They've invented a level up in the ghetto to get old Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now Shit get relevant 'til 'nother beef die down In truth a nigga just really want me tied down I've been alone and I never needed nobody Just only me and my shotty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now I said ain't no love for the other side Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner) When I die I'm goin' out as a underdog who never lost hope (Yeah) You in the wrong cab down the wrong path Nigga, wrong way, wrong road (Woo, woo) Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower (Vroom!) I done said a lotta things in my day, I admit it This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it I done won a couple Grammys, but I sold my soul to get 'em Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition Fuck's the difference? I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose I've been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full I just ate, licked the plate, my buffet, lucky me Fuck you think? (Woo!) I got a couple of mansions Still I don't have any manners You got a couple of ghost writers But to these kids it don't actually matter They're askin' me, What the fuck happened to hiphop? I said, I don't have any answers. 'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers And actually comin' from humble beginnings I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning I wish I could say, What a wonderful feeling! We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling! But nothin' is feeling like anyone has any fuckin' ability To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me The inability to pen humility Hatata batata, why don't we make a bunch of Fuckin' songs about nothin' and mumble 'em? Fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck About the ones that were here before you that made rap Let's recap, way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks ADAT's, where the G Raps and Kanes at? We need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back 'Cause half of these rappers have brain damage All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad But in fact, where the old me at? The same cat That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that But I think it's inevitable They know what button to press or what lever to pull To get me to snap though (Lil' bitch) And if I pay it attention I'm prob'ly makin' it bigger But you've been takin' ya digs in the fuckin' back, ho (Get it?) On the brink, any minute got me thinkin' of finishin' Everything with acetaminophen and reapin' the benefits I'm asleep at the wheel again As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent Of another beat I'ma kill again 'Cause even if I gotta end up eatin' a pill again Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again Levels to this shit, I got an elevator You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker I sound like a broken record every time I break a record Nobody could ever take away the legacy I made, I never cater Motherfucker, now I got a right to be this way I got spite inside my DNA But I wrote 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ayy It's the moment y'all been waitin' for Like California wishin' rain to pour In that drought, y'all been prayin' for My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw Still the same Marshall, that outlaw That they say as a writer might've fell off I'm back on that bull like the cowboy So y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move (yeah) Y'all gotta move Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot Yo, how do I keep (Man, I don't know what's up with these hoes, man) Gettin' in relationships like this? (I'm just sayin') Maybe it says somethin' about me (Yeah, yup) Should I look in the mirror? I just want you to be normal Why can't you bitches be normal? Always gotta be so extra Why you always need a lecture? My ex hates to talk, she's a texter Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her Wants to get back together Said not 'til she gets her act together She thinks I'm bein' mean and now She starts to scream and shout She's about to let the demons out She don't want to see me with other females out I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route She retaliates by tryin' to leave the house In an evening gown with her cleavage out We've been down this road too many times for me to count And all I can think is howâ I just want you to be normal Why can't you bitches be normal? Always gotta be so extra Like a fuckin' terrestrial Guess it comes with the territory My ex girl, she just declared war Therefore, I better prepare for it I guess bein' weird's normal And I don't know what's got a hold of me Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted So much so that I bet you she don't even know that she's The first thing I think of when I wake up And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless No wonder we're partners Both got hundreds of charges Domestic disputes but we've always Swept it under the carpet Even when 911 gets the call that I slipped up and busted her jaw with A Louisville Slugger 'cause alls it Really does is make our love For each other grow stronger She won me over the second she tried to run me over Told her I'd keep it a hun', we over Kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over But why is she so wicked? And how the fuck did I get so twisted Up with someone so unlikeable and shifty We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing She's only mine for the time being That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she Tried to twotime me And throw it up in her face 'til I dry heave How could I be so naive? Should I leave or turn this entire evening Into a motherfucking crime scene? Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him You weren't supposed to agree, you fucking bitch! Especially when you're the one cheated first Now the argument immediately becomes heated You don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it! I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though In our business your friends like to pry so You've got 'em all under cover just like moles Hopin' they'll come back with intel But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral 'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone Who the fuck's Milo? The guy at work who drives a hilo I put a tracking device on your Chrysler And follow you while you drive home But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown You recognize me and had Milo flip me off Right out the passenger side window I hit a light pole, you skrt off And then pull up at 5AM in the drive in a stretched white limo Stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with Milo's demo But like a drunk bum, what do I know? Let's sleep on it like they did Revival I told you you're the apple of my eye, so shut your pie hole Just wanna be normal Why can't you be normal? (Yeah) I just wanna be normal Take me to the river Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah It's 2002, everything was totally new We were globally huge, watching sales go through the roof We wrote and we feuded, Runyon Avenue soldiers included A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth Thought we was running shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe The death of Doody broke us in two We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do And at the time I was going through my own struggles too So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew I was hoping they do, so I ain't have to shoulder the crew The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew How to stand on their own, and I don't wanna open up wounds I just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth 'Cause the truth is, the moment that Proof died, so did the group Shootâ If I could leave this all behind I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line Down to the river with you Help me leave this all behind I'ma wash away my sins I'ma rinse away this dirt I forgot to make amends To all the friends I may have hurt I better stop and say my grace From it I pray that I don't fall 'Cause on the way back down I may End up running back into them all I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones It was never the same, and it's bothered me since And the farther we drift apart, the more awkward it gets The more time goes by, the more life happens And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities Plus we don't say how we feel And I feel like this is what got us in the debacle we're in Been with you guys thick and thin But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends Which reminded me Biz, Rockstar was the shit Y'all coulda got you a hit without me on the shit If you woulda put D12 on it, wish I coulda did More than try talking you into coming up off of it I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is I think of all of the trips to BET And the rappers I wish that we woulda politicked with Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features But that's water under the bridge But I'm washing my sins in it 'til my conscience is cleansed If I could leave this all behind I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line Down to the river with you Help me leave this all behind I'ma wash away my sins I'ma rinse away this dirt I forgot to make amends To all the friends I may have hurt I better stop and say my grace From it I pray that I don't fall 'Cause on the way back down I may End up running back into them all I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones Bacardi and Hen', never thought the party would end One minute you're bodying shit, but then your audience splits You can already sense the climate is starting to shift To these kids you no longer exist Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch To tiny drops, little drips And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed You start thinking of all the artists you dissed All the carnage you left, is this the kind of karma you get For turning your fucking back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift? A Freudian slip, subconsciously, I honestly wished I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none I just wish I had words, but I guess there just are none for this To my partners, I can't say how sorry I am This is not how I planned for our story to end I love all of you men But I just can't be the guy everybody depends On for entire careers 'cause that's not even fair I will always be here, but that spark isn't there And I don't know how to recapture that time and that era I've tried hearkening back to, but I'm fighting for air I'm barely charting myself Feels like I'm on the descent, but it was not my intent To treat y'all like a stepping stone Though I ain't left no one behind, but we been down every road Done all we possibly can, I know we kept our hopes up But the longer we spend living this lie that we live The less is left for closure, so let's let this go It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over I'ma wash away my sins I'ma rinse away this dirt I forgot to make amends To all the friends I may have hurt I better stop and say my grace From it I pray that I don't fall 'Cause on the way back down I may End up running back into them all I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up! Yeah Brain dead, eye drops Pain meds, cyclops Daybed, iPod Mayback, Maybach Trainwrecks, sidewalks Payless, hightops KFed, iHop Playtex, icebox That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (whoa!) Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (woo!) That's how much we have in common We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!) I don't do Jordans and Audemars I do explosions and Molotovs Y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed I blow the smoke from the car exhaust Flyin' to a party I am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me I ain't gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spyder move like C Breezy I don't gotta hire goons I'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely The sky is blue, the tires are new The Maserati white and cool like GEazy While these dudes tryna figure out How to do a freestyle as fly as me I'm confused tryna figure out how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G Everybody doin' chick joints Probably rob these little dudes at fist point Remember everybody used to bite Nickel Now everybody doin' Bitcoin We don't got nothin' in common (no) We don't got nothin' in common (no) Y'all into stuff like doubledup Styrofoam cups On them uppersanddowners (woo!) I'm into stuff like doublin' commas Find me a brother who's solid To count the shit up and then bust the shit down When the cops hit us up, we can flush the shit down We can not give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic Sellin' your cock and your butt for a follower Possible couple of dollars you powder sniff Now you're slippin', call it a power trip, a product of politics Y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts To dropped in the park in a pile of shit Knowledge is power, but powerless If you've got it and you do not acknowledge it Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it Hirin' strippers, prostitutes retirin' We can spit it for ya advance I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in Prince pants You niggasâ Brain dead, eye drops Pain meds, cyclops Daybed, iPod Mayback, Maybach Trainwrecks, sidewalks Payless, hightops KFed, iHop Playtex, icebox That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (whoa!) Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (woo!) That's how much we have in common We are not alike, there's not alike us You say you're affiliated with murderers, killas (ayy!) The people you run with are thuggin' (gang!) But you just a wannabe gunna (gang!) Like you was gonna do somethin' Actin' like you catchin' bodies (ayy!) And you got juice, lil youngin, you buggin' You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery Bitch, you ain't plugged in to nothin' Rap God spit lyrical bullets (pew!) And gats cock, your partners better tool up This has not to do with muscular But have guns for sure, you better put a Strap on, other words if you're gonna Roll up with your (gang!) you're gon' need a arsenal 'Cause this bar is over your head So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrrt!) Oh, you run the streets, huh? Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh? This little cocksucker, he must be feelin' himself He wants to keep up his tough demeanour So he does a feature, decides to team up with N9na But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne If you wanna come at me with a sub, Machine Gun And I'm talkin' to you But you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneakdiss But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie I keep on telling you motherfuckers But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories Jarred like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly I respond rarely, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off Like a fuckin' cocked semiGlock demigod Let me put a fuckin' silencer on this little Nonthreatening blond fairy cornball takin' shots at me You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rock Steady Crew Obviously, I'm not gettin' through We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, lettin' off like Remy Ma Heavy artillery, Godzilla, harsh with a hard shell With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarre's belly Only time you'll ever say I lost You'll be talkin' 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy Just to try to get me off, and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city Punk, you don't disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me That I'll be the most hated, though made it So that there's no shame, it's okay to own it 'Cause life is a bitch, she's a bowlegged ho But now those days are over I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open My code name is groper, I role play with lotion I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan Old lederhosen with homemade explosives I blow eighty holes in you Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and I'm insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman I'm throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin' I doubleedge sword it 'cause one place I poke and I stick and I turn in a rotating motion Invincible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal I'm fuckin' these syllables, I let 'em lick on my genitals I'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable That you bitches fuckin' with, the original I consider me and Nickel identical, but not us The only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other None come close to skunk, bug, soldier Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster! That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (whoa!) Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (yeah!) That's how much we have in common (woo!) That's how much we have in common We are not alike, there's not alike us (Fack) Okay (Fack) How do I say this?  (fack, fack, fack) Last year didn't work out so well for me (fack, fack, fack) (fack last year) (Fack) (Last year can eat a dick!) 2018, well (fack, fack) Yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass I'll ride through your culdesac Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks Youyou collab on a referent rap, II have never said his raps Ooverstayed my welcome, stepped in crap And ruined your welcome mat So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment Headed right at opponents and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it I'm 'bout toâ Smash into everyone, crash into everything Back and I've just begun, FACK 2017 Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna Smash into everyone, crash like an F15 Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna I turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't (wasn't) From the moment I heard rappers cussin', I was in (was in) Which is why I identify with the guy Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein Energized like a nine volt, ice cold Like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll But if the only reason I blowed is 'cause I'm white though Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh) Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me 'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes 'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone I don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here I go Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout toâ Smash into everyone, crash into everything Back and I've just begun, FACK 2017 Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna Smash into everyone, crash like an F15 Damage already done, y'all should've let me be Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna Smash Kamikaze, kamikaze Kamikaze, kamikaze, kamikamikaze take a look at what I've done I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that  wait that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare reair it Shit's embarrassing, as me rearending Tara Reid bare In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift beware of me Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin' Somethin' evil is lurkin', I'm no conspiracy theorist But somethin' here is afootâoh yeah, it's my dick Get the measuring stick (what?), twelve inches of wood Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert And I've come to pay respects 'Cause if you sleep you're fuckedâother words, you get laid to rest And I hope your butt is hurt Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book You got some views, but you're still below me Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth And you know I've always spoke the truth You're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months It's too loud Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot It's too loud Three's not a crowd all up in it, slow fire Don't fall on my face Don't fall on my faith, oh Don't fall on my fate Don't fall on my faith, oh Don't fall on my fate Don't fall on my Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre In that first marijuana tape guess I got a chronic case (yeah) And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face I know this time Paul and Dre They won't tell me what not to say (nope) And though me and my party days Have all pretty much parted ways You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made Not Afraid One last time for Charlamagne If my response is late, it's just how long it takes To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away These rappers are like Hunger Games One minute, they're mockin' Jay Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away But all the hate, I call it Walk on Water gate I've had as much as I can tolerate I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once You wanted Shady? You got him! Don't fall on my face (yeah) Don't fall on my faith, oh Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!) Don't fall on my faith, oh (rrr!) Don't fall on my fate (look) Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it Or have his body bag get zipped The closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot Lackin' with it, he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit Ho, you better go back and listen You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup Hopin' that you rappers fall in that Dre said, Hold your head up! Kathy Griffin Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition This is how I shot ahead (pew) Gabby Giffords My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business Tyler create nothin', I see why you called yourself a (faggot), bitch It's not just 'cause you lack attention It's because you worship D12's balls, you're sackreligious If you're gonna critique me You better at least be as good or better Get Earl the Hooded Sweater Whatever his name is to help you put together Some words, more than just two letters The fans waited for this moment like that feature When I stole the show (ha), sorry if I took forever (haha) Don't fall on my face (yeah) Don't fall on my faith, oh (I won't) Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!) Don't fall on my faith, oh (ha) Don't fall on my fate (it's too easy) Just remember, I was here before you And I'll be here after you make your runin for you Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew Just what the doctor ordered Revenge is the best medicine Increase the dose, from least to most And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show Every parasite needs a host (haha) Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of All I know is I wrote every single word of Everything I ever murdered Time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah) And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer A beacon of hope, put a BIRD in the air Somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lipsyncs in the mirror That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket How I'm buryin' these artists On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus' Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly' And what's scary is you probably can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started (woo) And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone Or I'll show you an Elvis clone Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote Put my feet up and just make myself at home I belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the Seans, the KDots, the 5'9s, and oh Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan But I'm not gonna fall... bitch! It's too loud Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot It's too loud Three's not a crowd all up in it You're such a nice guy, a nice guy You're faithful, you don't lie After the club, you go back home right Riiight, psyyych! Suck my dick, you fucking suck man Suck my dick, you fucking suck man I hope that your heart get hit by a semitruck Suck my dick, you fucking suck man I hop in your whip and take a sip then I gun it I don't, I don't got my self control, I hope that you running I'm bipolar with the switch up just as quick like you cumming I don't, I don't got much self control, I hope that you running I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes but females be Rushin' me outside my telly, temptation overwhelms me Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key Eh, I was tryna be nice You're such a nice guy, a nice guy You're faithful, you don't lie After the club, you go back home right Riiight, psyyych! Suck my dick, you fucking suck bitch Suck my dick, you fucking suck man I hope that your heart get hit by a semitruck Suck my dick, you fucking suck, bitch I play your music while you suffer like I'm Carmine Coppola You're tied up in the basement while I chill on your sofa La prÃ³xima yo sÃ que mejor me quedo sola Estas de buenas que yo ya vendÃ mi pistola I'm an emotional wreck, weak, everything over affects me When you joke it upsets me, you say I'm no good at sex And you think I'm gross and unsexy I need scope 'cause my breath stinks You hope that I choke on a Pepsi Bitch you was supposed to correct me Been texting you since three, I still get no fucking reply You say you sleep alone, but yet your mattress is king size Fuck you going in those knee high boots, cut it out bitch I doubt that you're going to house sit in that outfit, and those skintight Levi's Every word that comes out your mouth's a fucking lie Oh, it's spring time, time for you to have a fling like a slingshot You say don't come over 'cause you got pink eye But I think I got just the thing Here we go again from heroes to villains Used to be your Romeo but we both were jilted A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with But still it gave me hope that we'll get Through it together, a severed earlobe Mailed to you in an ENVelope would be dope But what kind of lengths can you go? Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho To be a housewife who outright lies She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive I ran outside, why's she tryna act out? She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice Guys, when someone you'd die for Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more? Another late night in, she stumbles through my door Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers To plant the KY in I'm gettin' accused by a whore Who smells like St. Ides and who's probably screwed five more Guys, sucked eightnine men I'm takin' twobyfours to our eightbytens Bitch it's you I tore out the frame, I win Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in And here's some twoply for when you date my friends In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get? I'm waitin' for the day I can Hear you say, Marshall, what a skank I've been! And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in After you, I swore to make the gray skies end Here come the rays, like when you get a pay hike and Am I the good guy or do I just play like him And hope that he dumps you? It's like a dream come true, just to scream Fuck you! Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then 'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in Since Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, they'll call me guilty You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, even though you know the real me You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy 'Cause this ain't what love looks like You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy They like, You're the good guy, they like, they like I got a song filled with shit for the strongwilled When the world gives you a raw deal Sets you off 'til you scream, Piss off! Screw you! When it talks to you like you don't belong Or tells you you're in the wrong field When something's in your mitochondrial 'Cause it latched on to you, likeâ Knock knock, let the devil in Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin' This medicine's screamin', LLLLet us in! LLLLike a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin' Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent Of elephant manureâhell, I meant KahlÃºa Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants And blew up mymymyself again Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin FiletoFish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida Proof's room slept on the floor of the motel then Dr. Dre said hell yeah! And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to MelMan And I know they're gonna hate But I don't care, I barely can wait To hit them with the snare and the bass Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced Because they're gonna taste myâ Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em (WWWhen they get bit with theâ) Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em (WWWhen they get bit with theâ) I said knock knock, let the devil in Shotgun pppellets in the felt pen Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one Itit's evident I'm not done VVenomous, the thoughts spun Like a web and you just caught in 'em Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap Beat strangler attack So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin' Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi) Translation, I will probably kill us both When I end up backin' into ya You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to you When you're bit with theâ Venom, adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em (WWWhen they get bit with theâ) Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em (WWWhen they get bit with theâ) I said knock knock, let the devil in Alien, EEElliott phone home Ain't no telling when this chokehold On this game will end, I'm loco Became a Symbiote, so My fangs are in your throat, ho You're snakebitten with myâvenom With the ballpoint pen I'm Gun cocked, bump stock, doubleaught, buckshot Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc 'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock Why the fuck not, you only get one shot Ate shit 'til I can't taste it Chased it with straight liquor Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint And awake with a headache And I take anything in rectangular shape Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to 'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you So escapin' me is impossible I latch onto you like aâparasite And I probably ruined your parents' life And your childhood too 'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on I'm responsible for you retarded fools I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you And I'm the suit, so call meâ Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em (WWWhen they get bit with theâ) Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum And I'm not knowin' when I'm Ever gonna slow up and I'm Ready to snap any moment I'm Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em They ain't gonna know what hit 'em Ryan's a homocidal misfit I write the solution of biophysics On the side of a cliff and some hieroglyphics This my admission to having violence psychotic With the vile polish politics by the way I'm higher than the Eiffel tower tip I like writing but I will stick this pencil in your ass before I bite ya shit Pause, inhale hell n kush, us and Yealwolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push Felon's, crooks, going door to door like he's selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mush Now my bitch dancer, I'm bout as sick as cancer If you could swallow my style, you probably rip ya pants off If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody It'd probably smell like cologne made out of bits of panther They call me anchor man, I'll hold down the ship Leave you niggas floating in water and go and drown a fish fuck I'm fucking heinous, I'll make you fucking famous Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you sayin' Fuck, it's fucking raining, shit, it's lightening Bitch, its thundering, cause I'm hushing up I'm a storm if you wonderin' Shit, you could muster up a thought, to take a toter? and a brain fart Want urine in your face, all you had to do was say it You wish you woulda just stayed pissed off in the first place We came to monopolise the game Illuminati is here, yeah, human oddities at odds with us, just whats gotta be Cause we started out cold and it snowballed We froze, soon as we rolled up on these hoes All's we know is you over the bar like LimboLimbaugh You know who you are So quit fucking the dark before we start callin' you bizaare Shit screw the boots, ya'll dun raped a pitbull Fell in love with Shihtzu This is directed directly at you And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint You must be huffin', fuck a ballsack if the taints can't take you on a date You mistake me for a gentleman, your 2000 and late man, WillIaint I'm the bad guy, type of guy that will drag 5 girls up on stage Pour ice in their pants and the first one who pee's gets a black eye You must be outta ya mind You think you fucking with us Suck on these nuts Bitch hang it up, this game is over Puffing loosies, watching I Love Lucy with Gary Busey Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady Will there ever come a day when they could slay me? I don't know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me Everything you kick weak, your speak kung fu yazy All my homeboys, 2.0 boys Nickle, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce! Even if I wanted to quit, I ain't got no choice Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moist Bang bang bang bang, house gang, chainsaw Here to kill you pussy's, don't ask what we came for I write til my right arm vein's sore Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war You hear that Yaowa, you know who finna file out Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that eyeball Piranha mentality with a jaws bite all night Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight Jets and movers, cesspoolers, meth abusers You step to us, text rugers to respect the shooters My men think in sync, roll with the best crew Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger Welcome to nay hood, bigger than jects, G Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck So I'm well prepped if you just want war There'll be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor It's raw, you keep acting like you don't know Mouse, nigga And you gon' need the best doctors, house nigga Guard your jewels and avoid large tools Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face Talking funds, niggas ain't never seen stock I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock You must be outta ya mind You think you fucking with us Suck on these nuts Bitch hang it up, this game is over Takeoff, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer I'm kind of a Dahmer, I'm grinding Now rappers are lining up jackers, I'm climbing up ladders I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles, particles Tell me when and I'm there Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air Stay fly like a limited fare You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares I smell shit and piss, know where it's coming from You stepped on number two just to be number one Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo yard Bogart for arts, we go hard You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the west I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart I got no Jim Beam in the liver Getting head like clean clippers, with haters on my dick like a jeans zipper When I throw up 16's like I drink liquor You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain't seen sicker Then I'll crack, and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown Popping the trunk, my pumper stay cocking the round I shit logs and I piss river brown Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile And that's as close as I get to a pyramid Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin' ignorant Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing Skinnyass pants sagging, it's only yourself you playing Call me a clown, but you love where the clown's hanging And the freakshow's at the county carnival then you pay Bitch, I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark Yelling Go Shady driving slower than an old lady In an old '89, no piece if you pay me Gimme peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies They call me crazy cause I made it Bitch, you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lately You ain't fucking wit' Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce You don't wanna see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the porno boys And if Marshall want me to clap, then homie, I deploy Game over Yo, I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless Patrolling corners Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters I'm meaner in action Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer (?) And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments I grew up in the wild hood As a hazardous youth With a fucked up childhood That I used as an excuse And aint shit changed But kept the same mindstate Since the third time that I failed 9th grade You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it I don't promote violence I just encourage it I laugh at the sight of death As I fall down a cement flight of steps And land inside a bed of spider webs So throw caution to the wind You and a friend Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again Shit, why not? Blow your brain out I'm blowing mine out Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board That smashed into your Honda Accord With a 4 door Ford But I'm more toward droppin an accapella And choppin' a fella To mozarella Worse than a hellacopta propella Got you locked in the cella With your skeleton showing Developing anorexia While I'm standin next to ya Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death With an IV in your veins Feeding you liquid darvicet Pumping you full of drugs Pull the plugs On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs Who were picked up in an ambulance And driven To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants And given A less than 20 percent chance Of living Have a possible placement It's a hospital patient Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement Doctor Kevorkian has arrived To perform an autopsy on you while you scream I'M STILL ALIVE! Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth Better call the fire department I've hired a arson To set fire to carpet And burn up your entire apartment I'm a liar to start shit (?) Got your bitch wrapped around my dick So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40 Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead No more said case closed end of discussion I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas Cross the bombas (?) We blowin up your house killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus Cause I aint making no more threats I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets I'm more or less sick in the head Maybe more cause I smoked crack (?) today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath Walk the block with a labrador Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador Foul style galore Verbal cow manure Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure You probably gonna think that I'm talking about you and you goddamn right I am look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you subliminally, but I think criminal instinct has pushed me to the brink, my pussy does it stink he still loves me cause he puts me in his ink he does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he? Nah, I'm just playing tug of war with his heart cause he misses me I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky and there's no risk of disease cause he ain't with anyone is he? this bitch really thinks she can get me if she still wants me, driving across country strapped him to the front seat, missing all the front teeth thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me? I told this cunt she's gonna overdo it once and once she does, she'll  be stuffed up in a trunk crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball bunched up nice and comfy fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me you cunning little cunt, deceitful witch you thought you had me, 'till my shrink told me this The problem is all inside your head she said to me The answer is easy if you take it logically I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free There must be 50 ways to leave your lover I feel like a serial killer I keep dumping bodies in the lake, Imma get caught and sent up the river I shiver when I think of the company I keep how do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep? I shriek, every time she hands me something to drink sex kept us together, when we slept together everything was all better, she made me feel like a king slowly, she began lowering my selfesteem she go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her and I just bought her a truck for 50,000 dollars accused me of doing drugs and screaming holla then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana and all I know is every time I go to them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow the little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke that's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago and I wouldn't even let on like I know what was I supposed to do, call her out on it? we just argue say she put it down on purpose and flipped the whole script ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch a cunning little cunt, little deceitful witch she thought she had me, 'till my shrink told me this The problem is all inside your head she said to me The answer is easy if you take it logically I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free It's alright, it's OK, I'm gonna make it anyway I'mma make it, I'mma make it, I'mma make it.., somehow Sometimes I just feel like, quitting I still might Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write Sometimes it's hard enough just dealing with real life Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics And show these people what my level of skill's like But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life Something ain't right, hit the brake lights Case of the stage fright, drawing a blank like Daduhduhdada, it ain't my fault Great big eyeballs, my insides crawl And I clam up (wham) I just slam shut I just can't do it, my whole manhood's Just been stripped, I have just been vicked So I must then get off the bus then split Man fuck this shit yo, I'm going the fuck home World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road I'm a man, I'mma make a new plan Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land Time to really just take matters into my own hands Once I'm over these tracks man I'mma never look back (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm going Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road I'm walking these train tracks, trying to regain back The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap To the same plant, in the same pants Trying to chase rap, gotta move ASAP And get a new plan, momma's got a new man Poor little baby sister, she don't understand Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand While she colors her big brother and mother and dad Ain't no telling what really goes on in her little head Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had But I keep running from something I never wanted so bad! Sometimes I get upset, 'cause I ain't blew up yet It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep The pressure's too much man, I'm just trying to do what's best And I try, sit alone and I cry Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm begging you God Please don't let me be pigeonholed in no regular job Yo I hope you can hear me homie wherever you are Yo I'm telling you dawg I'm bailing this trailer tomorrow Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know And I'mma be back for you, the second that I blow On everything I own, I'll make it on my own Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road I'm a man, gotta make a new plan Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land Time to really just take matters into my own hands Once I'm over these tracks man I'mma never look back (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm going Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it Or see what the big deal is, why it was and it still is To be walking this borderline of Detroit city limits It's different, it's a certain significance A certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see But it's everything to me, it's my credibility You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC Who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me But yet I'm still unsigned, having a rough time Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes Go to work and serve MCs in the lunchline But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go Who must I show, to bust my flow Where must I go, who must I know Or am I just another crab in the bucket 'Cause I ain't having no luck with this little Rabbit's foot, fuck it Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm starting to doubt shit I'm feeling a little skeptical who I hang out with I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit At the Salvation Army trying to salvage an outfit And it's cold, trying to travel this road Plus I feel like I'm always stuck in this battlin' mode My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want Is pity from no one, this city is no fun There is no sun, and it's so dark Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not What I'm doing I just blow, my head is a stove top I just explode, the kettle gets so hot Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got But I've learned, it's time for me to Uturn Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned Ain't no fallin' no next time I meet a new girl I can no longer play stupid or be immature I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred Time to show these Free World leaders the Three And A Third I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird Then I turn and cross over the median curb Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road I'm a man, gotta make a new plan Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land Time to really just take matters into my own hands Once I'm over these tracks man I'mma never look back (8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm going Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone Ain't gon' follow no footsteps I'm making my own Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all. I'm sick of the motherfucker! Check this shit out! I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me! This shit is a horror flick, But the black guy doesn't die in this movie! Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kidding! That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in living! You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say? I got a better chance joining the KKK. Or some real shit, though, I like you That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from Leave It To Beaver I used to like that show, now you got me to fight back mode But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go! I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass And all's well that ends OK. So I'll end this shit wit a Fuck you, but have a nice day! Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid! Quick, someone get his ass another steroid! Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah! I ain't hear a word you said, hipidy hooblah! Is that a tank top, or a new bra? Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job! Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head? Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said! Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful, And don't come back until something dope hits you Fuck it! You can take the mic home with you! Lookin' like a cyclone hit you, Tank top screamin', Lotto, I don't fit you! You see how far those white jokes get you Boy's like How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you? My motto Fuck Lotto! Now everybody from the 313 Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me Everybody from the 313 Put your motherfucking hands up Look, look Now while he stands tough Notice that this man did not have his hands up This free world got you gassed up Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf 1, 2, 3 and to the 4 1 Pac, 2 Pac, 3 Pac, 4 4 Pac, 3 Pac, 2 Pac, 1 You're Pac, he's Pac, you're Pacs none This guy ain't no motherfucking MC, I know everything he's got to say against me, I am white, I am a fucking bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom, My boy Future is an Uncle Tom. I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun, I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps And Wink did fuck my girl, I'm still standing here screaming, Fuck the free world! Don't ever try to judge me, dude You don't know what the fuck I've been through But I know something about you You went to Cranbrook. That's a private school What's the matter, dawg? You embarrassed? This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence And Clarence lives at home with both parents And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook 'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks He's scared to death He's scared to look In his fucking yearbook, Fuck Cranbrook Fuck a beat, I go a capella Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody Fuck y'all if you doubt me I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty, This guy's a choke artist, ya catch a bad one You're better off shooting yourself with Papa Doc's handgun Climbing up this mountain, you're weak I'll leave you lost without a paddle, floating shit's creek You ain't Detroit, I'm the D, you're the new kid on the block 'Bout to get smacked back to the boondocks Fucking Nazi, your squad ain't your type Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice And what I tell you, you better use it This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music Trailer trash, I'll choke you to your last breath And have you looking foolish Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 'Cause you follow Future like he got carrots up his ass crack And when you acting up that's when you got jacked up And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up I'll crack your shoulder blade You'll get dropped so hard that Elvis will start turning in his grave I don't know why they let you out in the dark You need to take your white ass back across 8 Mile to the trailer park This guy raps like his parents jerked him He sounds like Erick Sermon, the generic version This whole crowd looks suspicious It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches So I'm a German, eh? That's okay, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids These Leaders of the Free World rookies Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies Talkin' 'bout shits creek Bitch, you could be up piss creek with paddles this deep You're still gonna sink, you're a disgrace Yeah, they call me Rabbit, this is a turtle race He can't get with me, spitting this shit wickedly Lickety shot suspicious spickety split lickety So I'ma turn around with a great smile Guess who's back?!?! Mommy! We're home!! Say hello to my little friends DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!! Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when DBo was 50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no ho in us They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it The noise from clips and rounds be drowned out by the crowd And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing Till the club closes, and clears out And that's when they see you flatened Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off Shit about to change, cause we ain't playing no games We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names Shit just ain't the same, when the Aks gettin' sprayed cause Hiphop is in a state of 911 It ain't about hiphop, cause those days are gone It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor Cause hiphop is in a state of 911 Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us? Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious We living for real and others just making the stories up Illusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon Shit about to change, cause we ain't playing no games We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names Shit just ain't the same, when the Aks gettin' sprayed cause Hiphop is in a state of 911 It ain't about hiphop, cause those days are gone It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor Cause hiphop is in a state of 911 Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit On this shit you call hiphop, this function is where did it When I  put it in motion, my focus is getting branded My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it Got you  stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour When you  enter the business you thinking you running shit You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit! We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later All these  imitators parading like they some playas Trying to  save hiphop the task is something greater Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring I'm riding a  gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying I'm in a  full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s Shit about to change, cause we ain't playing no games We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names Shit just ain't the same, when the Aks gettin' sprayed cause Hiphop is in a state of 911 It ain't about hiphop, cause those days are gone It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, But I'm holding you closer than most'cause you are my heaven. How you listen to a girl that still wanna man Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Mann I'm wonderin' why she ret to go like Wanda then When we met you was a V like Madonna, man Now you in the field runnin' plays like Donovan McNabb before you get in a cab I'll trade in my cab Just to take you back to last summer, man You don't remember when you was my sweetest You don't remember when I called you Reese's Pieces Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what She turned around and giggle said You so nuts! But nowadays we actin' way too grown up Like how ya ex girl get the new numba The rumors was so numerous For stickin' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up And that's why A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. So young, so full of life and vibrant, Side by side wherever you was ridin', I went, So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit, When Ronnie died you was right by my side, With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes, And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it, You even had the same type of childhood I did, Sometimes I just wanna know why, Is it that you surcame to yours, And mine I survived it, You ran the streets I nine to fived it, We grew up, grew apart as time went by us, Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises, Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it, Much as your pride tries to hide it, You're cold your touch, its like ice, And your eyes is the look of resentment, I can sense it and I don't like it A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. Uh, stuck alone in this wave race Say I'm living too fast, don't plan on changing my pace Got one foot on the gas, it's never a need for brakes Smoke ezrider's with hash, fuck bitches from out of state Valet bringing my cars, waiter bringing me plates Shrimp and fillet Mignon, we celebrate buying drinks Wit a couple of broads my nigga's who got love for me It's lonely at the top, I'm tired of having company Uh, so while you busy trying to fit in, I'm a stand out And view my life through this lens to see how it pan's out Substitute teacher ass nigga's, need a handout Middle finger screaming fuck them nigga's who hated, I'm money affiliated Pop another bottle, that chronic smokin degraded Speculating me landing must of got me mistaken, I'm speaking as the captain of the planes, You's a runner on the jet way A drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather, I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist They call me Slim Roethlisberger I go bezerker than a fedup postoffice worker A merk her with a Mossberg I'm pissed off get murdered Like someone took a ketchup squirter Squirted a frankfurter For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants When you saw the chainsaw get to waving Like a terrible towel I faced her around But his fangs come out Get your brains blown out That's what I call blowing your mind When I come back Like nut on your spine I'm a thumb tack That you slept on son Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one Low on the totem till he showed 'em Defiance, giant scrotum He don't owe them bitches shit His bridges, he out grow'd em Come on, come on don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong You're all I wanted Come on, come on don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breath whenever you gone Can't turn back now, I'm haunted I'm back for revenge I lost a battle that ain't happening again I'm at your throat like strep I step, strapped with a pen Metaphors wrote on my hand, Someone distorted my mint Read some I wrote on a napkin I do what I have to to win Pull at it all stops, any who touch a mic prior's Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers And tell that psycho to pass the torch To the whack before I take a shit in his JackOLantern And smash it on his porch Now get off my dick Dick's too short a word for my dick Get off my antidisestablishmentariani sm, you prick You call me the champ call me the space shuttle destroyer I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer I displaced my clause with enough plaster To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like burn choyder You're the Eminem backwards, you're minime See he's in a whole nother weight class He smokes your BB's you beat back bullets You're full of it you were just in his CD's Left at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E I'm haunted I'm dead your gone Come on, come on don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Something's gone terribly wrong Won't finish what you started Come on, come on don't leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Can't breath whenever you gone Can't go back, I'm haunted Oooooh You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never ever thought I'd see it break. Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it Is fuckin crazy on if I keep on killin my girlfriends Is fuckin crazy Damn! Ha ha, ride.. I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said I'm telling the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you.. It's sad cause the bad guys always die Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot) And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps Hollow tips started flying every which way I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled {Just let it gooo!} Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself? {Just do it!} Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now! {Just do it!} But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch! Welcome to Detroit This is the BET Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011 Myself, Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf White dog, get em! Put these muthafuckas in a box and I send em away Put 'em in a gray 'Lac and pop the trunk Hey throw 'em in the back, jack, I dig 'em a grave Put a brick inside that Xerox, when I print 'em a page Moving keys I can't relate, cause I live in a cage I throw up the A, I take 'em to school, I give em a grade, an easy E for effort That's WWA, white with an attitude Alphabet soup is on my plate All I got is Z's they sleeping on me, I can't get 'em awake I spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns Who believe they making it rain cause all they see is the clouds And I watch from the couch of the VIP Like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like fuck it I just feed em a cow Plenty of white boys to pick from this year But before you can pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic But what it's like to pick a fight with me It's like putting Nikes on a cheetah, betta speed up Or at least in my case Addidas I'm out this bitch drinking Sprite by the 2 liter Holler, Shady records Say I'm from the new school, I'ma say check ya tone and watch ya mouth If they teaching how to dougie, I'm condoning dropping out Forced to wile, y'all birthed and gave me up I just perfected being hip hops foster child, now check it I don't blame y'all for being trash fans and copping it The radio's the crime scene the masses are the hostages In my youth I'd throw shots, the fan would dodging it I'm grown, I ain't watching the throne, I'm sabotaging it You see that four headed monster and the storm looms Snipe 'em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room Got a figure here you won't get bigger if you on shrooms Was left to me I'd revive what the game be 'bout I'da took the wine outta Amy house Enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back Wayne couldn't teach me how to love that But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny Both parents broke but she comes from money Think my bread is her paper to burn So I lock her out and now she doubt David is Stern She so bad I make her hit the telly from a taxi Then dead her in that Holiday Inn Learnt that from Max B That's why the haters of every kind wanna send me Llamas I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihanas Is it me? Or is what I'm hearing just pitiful? Airwaves the same now the stereo's typical My skin thick so the critics ignore So unafraid to die you think I did it before The boys Rodman with the trash talk Magical walk with the black ball way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws Glass jaw, hoody and mask would be the black folk with no passport Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors If pumps had awards ya status whore category Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore I know hip hops alive and well If it died, you other crews wouldn't survive the smell (Ladies &amp Gentlemen... you're scared now) (Make that face at 'em dawg) (Crooked I.. get 'em) I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin' I caught em slippin', I gotta give em a shot, I hit em with proper spittin' Hottest writtens and compositions, so competition's a contradiction Somebody mentioned they got it crooked, highly fiction, We probably different, got Gotti henchmen, Opposition our body quick as Bugatti engines I'm on a mission to get richer, The sickest lyric kicker diggin' a ditch for different spitters Sweet lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor Spit like a sick mixture Of Notorious Pun and L get the big picture The poster I'll roast ya, My mind so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster It's over control my whole coastal region like I'm supposed to Flow is going postal evening, open season Heart close to freezing, ruthless is easy nigga Approach I'm squeezing, believe me Dopest West Coaster  breathing So most y'all hope I'm vegan, no pun, beefing Rappers need to keep it trill Give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills People sleeping on my ether skills And y'all ain't even real We about to die in this cypher Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a Will Foreal Yaooowa I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap Before this I was moving crack Killers y'all become when y'all rhyme, I salute and dap And if I blink then remove ya snaps, you ain't cool you wack With ya foolish yac's? skinny jeans don't mean ya ass shoot It means ya booty claps Don't play like Tyler Perry, this the Slaughterhouse of Pain Flow brown, tight and heavy When it comes to sixteen's I'm a fiend feinding a studio Near a needle with a mean lean, probably writing bars to Nas Thief theme Getting my Yaowa on, may all the Olajuwon's be the dream team This is an all day slaughter They feindin for us to break like Beyonce's water The four quarters doing all the eating And you gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican Ortiz keep the fire ready And tryna put me out's like tryna steal a transvestite from Eddie I'm do or die dope And you can make the sticker sittin' on the door Of that phantom your suicide note Hi Rihanna.. Is Nicki living with you? Let me know So I can buy binoculars and telescopes Hi Rihanna.. I don't need to know you better You tell me you love my music again, we go together Bye Rihanna... Now back to y'all fools We rock out like the outside of a guitar school Thousand dollar frames, I prefer to see the world through Don't ask me nothing bout Budden, I beat my girl too You ask me why do I keep her? I say it's cheaper to That's why I ride around in a Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do Rappers, I'm your daddy, I tell you straight as this You don't kill but your father Will like Jaden Smith I tell ya like I tell my Spanish chick You fly but I ain't going down on no landing strip So get your wax on like Danielson Or I'ma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come Point out the greatest rapper alive I headshot 'em Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife While I'm cyber sexing with Jessica Alba, via Skype I'm on my dboy, dbo thing Spiritual steelo swing like CeeLo Green Get out the camera with yo B Roll bling You know your flow is whack We cornered the market like a WalMart in a culdesac Yeah, this what 2 million singles sold and a album that's gold Look like, without having to sell your soul Nickle Wait, can I rap? (You da Boss, you better get 'em) Ayo... lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal subliminal In your swimmin' pool (Boo.. come on man, get back on.. kick that shit) You 'bout to see peace destroyed It'll never be restored When I unleash these beastly hoards on your CD stores Wanna stop it, you gon' need a priest and at least three swords A license to ill from the Beastie Boys, 3 Ouija boards And a squeegee and please be warned don't ask for the squeegees for Or the holy water, acid rap that'll eat these floors Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns? And as for me, you ask when I'm gone will he be mourned? Is puke luke warm? Should Casey Anthony do porn? Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a freakin' shoebox With a shoehorn, smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on? Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus? Joell yo, Tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas So I can put these babies in the fetal position, They're getting elbows to the penis Yeah, big deal. I took some little kids big wheel And spit in his fricken big kids meal Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still You just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield? Is it dust we bout to kick up? Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup? Between a stick shift in his fricken pick up And drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will till he gets hiccups? Flippin' the script up like Mike Vick Get bit in his junk by a pit, yup I'm a sick pup I'd be a horrible magician Cause I'd fuck that trick up Fix ya lips up to say something fly, or zip up AB? Let's C. You said you were gonna do XYZ Till you fuck around and get dropped like an E When you add an ING Don't put a K in front of that though, when I MC Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth It's more like a phonebooth Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won't do It gives me more power, I bump the fat boys and Eat rat poison, take meteor showers Fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger While I hop in a mosh pit, will be like Nas doing gospel or R&B, you crazy? Me pushing up daisies? That thought is impossible As if flashing across the news, Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute With a huge Johnson, boobs, and a monstrous tube of lube And a bra, some boots, some panties, in an aqua blue Mazda Swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool So kill the rumors it ain't happenin' (feat. DJ Buttafingaz)<span> Sneakin in through the back door, fruity MC's get ambushed  Rammed and squooshed, slammed and pushed, crammed and mushed  Then I'm movin on down from the right to left  So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death  To get jacked, attacked and cracked in two  Smackin through 'til youre black and blue for actin true  I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands  Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans  I'm stompin, I'm kickin, I'm chokin, I'm stampin em  clompin em, stickin, and pokin and clampin em  To electric chairs and tightenin bolts  Hit em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts  I'm zappin, rappers, singers, and dancers  Faster than you could snap your fingers for ransom  Cancer is in the flesh, alive and breathin  Survivin by connivin and theivin  I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters  It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders  Developin a fear of biterphobia  I'm holdin a gas can and lighter over ya  If I detect ya, I'ma pulverize  Dissect your brain, diggin in your skull for lies  And I'ma torture, with material iller  than a stark ravin mad serial killer  I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is  A major risk to a plagiarist  So beware of the aura, A terror for the horrible  Will scare ya tomorrow, is the airbourne assault of the rappers  Hit the source to better my skills,  I head for the border  And run the Galloping Hills, the choice is yours  Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream til my voice is hoarse  Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage yours to bite like labradors  In the range of my doublebarrel  And your life is in danger, trouble, and peril  I trample and stamp liars, like they were campfires  Cuz vampires right on my balls like clamp pliers  And swing on my big thingamajig  So I'm bringin my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig  Cause biters are fallin head over heels  In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels  That's how I became paranoid  Chewin my fingernails, pullin my hair annoyed  Cause every time you bit it was deliberate  So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with  an ultimatum I assault and slayed em  with rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em  Energetic and imaginative,  pronouns and verbs, predicates and adjectives  Will reach out and grab ya, 9 times outta 10  That's why I'm spilling one of a kind rhymes out a pen  Boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind 'Cause boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind Now I know we said things Did things that we didn't mean And we fall back into the same patterns Same teams But your tempers' shit just bad as mine You're same as me But when it comes to love you just as blinded Baby please come back It wasn't you Maybe it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much To walk away doe Come inside Pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk? Told you this is my fault Look me in the eyeball Next time I'll miss to let my fist hit the dry wall Next time There won't be no next time I apologize even though I know it's lies I'm tired of the games I just want it back I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fucking leave again Ima tie her to the bed And set her house on fire Boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind 'Cause boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind Listen I'm sitting lookin out the window like, Damn Tryna fix the situation that's at hand You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing that you shouldn't be Me, you're gonna be mine when I'm knowing that you couldn't be Cuz you haven't called I ain't even appalled I still got a lot of pain I ain't dealt with it all I've been runnin around with other chicks I'm single and they lovin it I'm likin it but I just want the one that I was in love with It's not the end of it I'm tryna let you go I can't Get a grip of that I'm tryna let you know You got hold some kind of control of me I don't know what it is But I gotta get you goin for me I'm working at it It ain't getting no better I'm just tryna be like Yeah, whatever, forget it. Instead of starin out this glass Lookin at this bad weather Damn, I gotta pull myself together Cuz Boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind 'Cause boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind It sounds like a conversation It's a celebration Lets toast to the fact I moved out my mamas basement To a condo downtown Cuz it's all about location I sit and drink wine and watch Californication of life You shoulda been here to kick it with me We coulda split this whole thing up 5050 But now I'm at the 4040 gettin bitches tipsy Killin shit that ever so talented Mr. Riply How did I go from bein a man that you argued with? To meeting Dwayne Carter and putting alcohol an shit Should wanna go back to the one I started with But I'm addicted to this life It's gonna be hard to quit Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along You can tell me that you've none of my songs As long as you say one day you plan to listen Cuz what's a star when its most important fans are missing Boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind You cheated on me from behind 'Cause boy meets girl You were my dream my world But I was blind G G G G G G G GUnit  Here we go again  I'm on fire  Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on  And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on  You know you don't want it with me  You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch  You know you don't want it with me I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker  You know you don't want it with me Marshall, sounds like an SOS... Holy wack, unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right... To the rapmobile, let's go... {Marshall, Marshall}, bitches and gentlemen, it's showtime, hurry hurry, step right up, introducing the star of our show, his name is, {Marshall}, you wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world right now, so without further ado, I bring to you, {Marshall}... You 'bout to witness hiphop in it's most purest, more rawest form, flow almost flawless, most hardest, most honest known artist, chip off the old block, but ol' Doc is, {back}, looks like Batman brought his own Robin, oh God, Sadam's got his own Laden, with his own private plane, his own pilot, set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges, oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes, {vnn vnn}, yeah here I come, I'm inches, away from you, dear fear none, hiphop is in a state of 911, so... Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}, Let's get down to business, I don't got no time to play around, what is this, must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns, can I get a witness, {hell yeah}... So skip to your lou while I do what I do best, you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it, flows too wet, nobody close to it, nobody says it, but still everybody knows the shit, the most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much, they make it all up, there's no such thing, like a female with good looks, who cooks and cleans, it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know what for, the show must go on, so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon now... You can even call collect, the most feared duet, since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette, and never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat, people steppin' over people just to rush to the set, just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely, ease over these beat's and be so breezy, Jesus how can shit be so easy, how can one Chandra be so Levy, turn on these beats, MC's don't see me, believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve, when we leave, dog fo' sheezy, can't leave rap alone, the game needs me, 'till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here, but we ain't fuckin around round here, yo' Dre, what up, can I get a hell, hell yeah, now... So there you have it folks, {Marshall}, has come to save the day, back with his friend Andre, and to remind you that bullshit does not pay, because, {Marshall}, and Andre are here to stay and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey, {Marshall}, so until next time friends, same blonde hair, same rap channel, good night everyone, thank you for coming, your Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder In Ecuador with Edward Norton Witness the metamorphosis Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman From the Hessian war and Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan Endless source and reservoir Of extension cords in dresser drawers And deadbolts on the bedroom doors And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin Excellent boyfriend Use intercourse to settle scores With women who have been vendettas towards men Dickhead is forced in 'til there's shredded foreskin Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion Bed sores and sore shins Pregnant whores can get abortions Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, selfabsorption Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor A predator, I'm headed for competitors Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus Yes, of course, a mess of warrants You want some? Come and get some, boys! I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course On excessive force and pressure points And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange Dress and four inch heels to address the court With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso Or left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him In my present form I'm Desert Storm Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel Unpleasant, horrible hello, gorgeous! The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus Met a contortionist, said, When you wanna get sexual? She said, However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible. Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph For this asshole cop's daughter Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock Had a heart attack and dropped dead Started fallin' back with it And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch Crack front axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff, pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound* Asked if they had a laughin' stock That was fuckin' stupidâ You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic Bitch, get to massagin' this dick! Like spas in this bitch, slob on it with gobs of lipstick Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with She's nonexistent Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches Misfit, blond and nitwit Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit Screamed, I hate blondes, and became one, I'm optimistic Love to start shit Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble 'causer, a double crosser Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is Something's off, but when Dustin Hoffman's Dressin' up in your mummy costume On stage dancin' to Brain Damage, what's the problem? Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status Run the faucet, I'ma dunk A bunch of Trump supporters underwater Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a gray van with a spray tan It's a wrap, like an Ace bandage Don'tgiveafuck persona, to my last DNA strand E&ampJ in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand She wants kielbasa, prearrange an escape plan Threeinch blade on point, like a SeeandSay Consider me a dangerous man But you should be afraid of this dang candidate You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet 'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin' And that's what you wanted A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button Who doesn't have to answer to no oneâgreat idea! If I was president Gettin' off is the first order of business Once I get in office Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam Naked, laughin', dick cupped in hand Screamin', Fuck safe sex! Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him Tell Congress I run this land And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy Addiction to friction and static Addict who can't escape the habit Continue to chase the dragon But as fate would have it, I walked up in major Magics Dressed as the maintenance man In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket With a gauge to blast it And sped away in the station wagon Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's Crazy asses in the backseat Throwin' Stayfree pads at me Dead passenger in the passenger seat Unfasten the safety latches And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires 'Finna get a murder case and catch it Like you threw it at me encased in plastic And send Dylan Roof through the windshield of the Benz Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'... Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin' And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder Knock it into the upper peninsula You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God When will I quit? Never been realer The instiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller Revenge killer, avenge syllable binge Fill a syringe, 'til I Draw first blood Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular Couldn't be more awkwarder Cause you're innocence I robbed you of It's my fingers that got stuck up Taught ya ta, not give a Slapstick, hockey puck The broad hunter with the sawed off Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop And it's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned I'm unrevealin' quickly My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles Like what happened to Chris Reeves' spine column That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel But my patience is wearing thin Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen And never appear again If you actually had fuckin' careers to end But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them Molly, I'm gone off you Man, light some kush You're my first take, I'll nail you Can't lie, I gush If I won you over, you would be the grand prize I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush Mushed against your damn side, your puss And thighs are squished What kind of attires that? I'm ready to be rode Psychopath, bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat Light the match to ignite the wrath Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me Like a scab Hard to describe in fact Startling violent perhaps Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that And you aren't really surprised at that But as far as these lines I rap And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69ed the track 2 Chainz! Yeah, yeah Take 'em to church, I'm talkin' the tabernacle It's the return of the body snatcher Walk in the spot, make my woman smack ya (whoo!) In a fruit fight, I aim at your Adam's apple Pull up in the candy car, eatin' a candy bar And my girl eatin' a candy apple Yeah (mm), I line their ass up (up) I aim at their goozer (baow!) All of these stones on my neck, uh They must have looked at Medusa Pockets Rasputia of course I drove some rims to court I fucked some twins before I had a Benz before, this is the sin report This is the murder, murder, pass the burner, Em (uh) Your money shorter than an acronym (ayy) Big body when I'm backin' in (whoo!) Ladidadi, got a bunch of bodies Niggas fakin', niggas human traffickin' (whoo!) I'm on the Act' again, uh This ain't a accident, uh King like AkRon I run the trap again, you on the treadmill (treadmill) Never Neverland, shit came with a Ferris wheel (goddamn!) Ferris day off, baby, AR in the same car Most of y'all my sons, aww, look at little JR F12 same color Kate Moss Uh, I'm talkin' wristin' the pot I'm talkin' this and you not I'm talkin' bricks and you not I'm talkin' straight up and down, nigga, like 6 o'clock This is the equinox, this what the people want Somebody at the door, I heard the speaker knock, uh I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah Do me a favor, don't do me no favors These bitches got flavors They all wanna smoke but ain't doin' no labor But they shoppin' at Raleys, they stingin' like tasers Act Hollywood like they play for the Lakers They fly on the latest Crocs, alligators, say hi to my haters Pardon my neighbor We eatin' that chicken, lobster, potatoes You must be sniffin' that yayo If you don't think I'm that nigga Swagger on ten since a day old It's aokay though, whippin' up whip like it's mayo Every track is a K.O., technical K.O. Go off your head like I'm Ayo Out of this world, talkin' NATO It's 'cause of jail, ho, don't be an Ahole 'Cause I got shooters that shoot when I say so (lay low!) Wanna be in my shoes, you ain't paid no dues Real nigga, you ain't break no rules (hell yeah!) High school, niggas ate yo' food Might dumb it down a little, but I ain't no fool (hell yeah!) Niggas hate every day, B (yeah) Shit is O.C. lately (yeah) Gotta break 'em off with these Dre beats (yeah) Or I might go crazy (hell yeah!) These niggas too goddamn lazy (too lazy) Don't ever, ever, ever try to play me (to play me) Lil' shawty now comin' from BK (BK) But I'm tryna come up like JAYZ (like JAYZ) Nothin' but love for my idols (love for my idols) I feel entitled to titles (to titles) Fuck it, man, I want the title (I want the title) Submission, they goin' all viral Like Chloraseptic, 'septic And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah (hell yeah) Bin Laden with a pen, bodyin' again I begin slaughterin' your men, prolly shoulda been Ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin Like a Saudi in the Taliban plotting an event In the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent And I would not even relent Up on a little like Osama with a bomb under the bin And down the middle of the Pentagon And hit a kindergartener with a rental (stop!) Back and forth, back and forth Like Jack Kevorkian's ass to court Rap mature! Why can't you be like Macklemore? (huh?) Why you always gotta smack a whore? (huh?) It's likely the psychiatric ward's a last resort (huh?) Something's gotta give, that's for sure Yet you keep comin' back for more Not as raw as I was, 'Walk On Water' sucks Bitch, suck my dick! Y'all saw the tracklist and had a fit 'fore you heard it So you formed your verdict While you sat with your arms crossed Did your little reaction videos and talked over songs (chill!) Nah dog, y'all sayin' I lost it? Your fuckin' marbles are gone (wait, Em!) But nowadays, every flow, every cadence sound the same (skrrt) Brain's a powder keg, I draw inspiration outta hate Real pain in the paper, I don't trace But if I look strange and outta place It's 'cause I'm an alien, that's why I write 'til the page is outta space Yeah, from 7 Mile in Novara To How can I be down?, all of us tryna pile in the car (yeah!) We shot for the stars (yeah!) 'Cause we only got so much time in this world (yeah!) So rewind it to your high school dance to the night before If you think you're promised tomorrow (yeah!) Now I'm 'bout to fool again This tune is sick, it's luminous, the moon is lit A freakin' lunatic, a human computer chip And I'm soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick If I was you, I wouldn't do nothin' stupid due to the mood I'm in I'm losin' it, you get chewed like a Junior Mint Show me who to rip, it's time for you to get screwed Empty the lubricant and put super glue in it (woo!) How many fuckin' rappers did I go through? Dispel doubt, but you won't admit I smoked And you was spellbound, hellbound in my snowsuit But am I s'posed to sound like everything else out? 'Cause I don't get compared to it, only myself now And I can see the fairweather fans and sales down But the only way I care is if I let myself down But what the fuck have I woke to? Time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools I know you still want me to ill out, don't you? Hopin' the old Slim's gonna spill out, open Fire on your whole camp with this spit, I roast you So chill out, no, you Hoes couldn't roast me with the shit I wrote you Then I took a stand Went at TanFace and practically cut my motherfuckin' fan base in half and still outsold you You just called my shit trash? Thank God, I rap better when the odds are stacked Revival's wack, I don't like the 'Zombie' track And when he's talkin' that garbage psychotic crap Where's your content at? What's with all the conscious rap? P!nk, BeyoncÃ this and Kehlani that (yeah!) I just add it to the fuel in my rocket pack 'Til I'm ready to respond, then I'ma launch it at 'em Idiotic from the fuckin' embryonic sac To the body bag, I'll be back And when I am, I'll be at your fuckin' throat like I have no idea what I'm doing I have no idea what I'm doing, but Everybody get up, sit up Christopher They're miserable without you, Superman is a live and he's flowing like the Mystic River Girl don't act like you never been kissed before One, two, three, four, five, six, this a Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser How did anybody ever find me, I disap peared I was hiding in Freeway's beard, just a Hop skip and a jump from my skin, gushing Nails into my face that I been pushing Hellraiser, my face is my pincushion It's like when I'm on the mic, I can squish a Sucker like a vicegrip, my pen put ya In the slaughterhouse cause ya styles been butchered I'll spin chainsaw, take off like the blades on My brain's on hyperdrive someone put the brakes on Here's a smidget admitted to get your digits, Bridget Don't try to fidget with it, err ribbit, ribbit I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice I got it figure out now nigga, See, my minds on my money right here, And no one stopping how I getting it, And Hind Sight should never left when I was Living, And probably wouldn't be getting pressed by all these women, And then again, I wouldn't rap the ones I was diggin' So annihilate the looking, and talking alot about the hood Kim'n, Kim'n, Uh, so Selena Williams, just like my dad talks about more John Dick'n, This girl talkin' how she pregrent, she crazy, so later I crushed that hoe, and left baby, And never trust her, no shit! Even she specialize in massaging on my testicles,  And I never trust her, a whole lot, even on the first date, she basically get her mouth rimmed, And turn around and ask me for a kiss, no bitch I'm straight,  And I never really get concerned how my own dick tastes, I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice, I think I'm about to slip on your swag juice, Oh, no! No! Don't slip on your swag juice, Ye, ye! I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice. Slim is in the house, simmer down there sister Bound to get you dizzy cause he gets as busy as a Bee, baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard He'll catch it in his teeth, what is he? He's a wizard Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick, is it? Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya I want a kiss 'fore I blow this bitch to smithe reens, get the guillotines, this is a situ ation that's critical as Dre spins his, uh Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissor Cheka chicka, checka chicka, chekacheka chicka Who wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker Wait a minute, I just dropped my necklace in the liquor Now baby just to make a little breakfast and it's six o Yeah Oh This game's like cocaine I want this more than anything in the world Ha, so do I. At least I thought I did. Got to have it Yeah, I made it I'm addicted Yeah, I'm feigning This is a beat with no words at first It's a blank painting Exercising the mind is brain strength training Starts off with something, like Shady's an insane maniac, Yeah, Slim Shady, that's a zany name, ain't it? Now all you need's an image to go with the name, baby Wife beaters and white tshirts, Hanes mainly It's a long shot, but is it possible there's a lane, maybe? If not, he's gonna have to come and change the whole game, ain't he? He wants the fame so bad he can taste it He could see his name up in lights Women screaming his fuckin' name, fainting Shady did it, he sold out the whole dang stadium Joe Schmoe made it, he took his Plain Jane lady and his baby Hailie out the trailer But he ain't trailing anymore, he's ahead of the race While maintaining his innocence Little does he know, his train is derailing And he's about to be raped by this game anally What would you do for a little bit? What would you give for a little hit? For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E. 'Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave Got to have it Yeah, I made it I'm addicted Yeah, I'm feigning You're operating on all cylinders Syllables spit like Dillinger's spilling ya guts People are feeling ya mic skills, but these haters are ice grillin' ya Willing to sacrifice anything for the life that they might steal from ya Fake friends'll kill for ya, die for ya But you can't decipher why? for the life of ya It wasn't like this when you were Cypherin' Argue wit' your wife again She found vicodin in your pants last night again Your dispute's public, nothing is private anymore Oh, and your best friend? Say byebye to him What kinda apple you take a bite'a, Slim? (This is what you wanted Marshall, ain't it?) Fuck no! The way that it turned out was nothin' like the picture that I painted in my head Sometimes a dream to make it, it's more fun than it is to actually make it The game stripped me naked It robbed me ever having another real relation ship, with another girl This world is a fuckin' trip Cause I slip in another world, proceed, take another hit Sniff 'til I fuckin' hurl, tell em all to fuckin' sit And spin 'til they fuckin' twirl, middle finger up again Relapsing back in this game Oh well, fuck it, then What would you do for a little bit? What would you give for a little hit? For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E. 'Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave Got to have it Yeah, I made it I'm addicted Yeah, I'm feigning Start off right Just to see your name in lights Just so you can live the life You take a bite And lose your sight They call this (Fame) You think you good (ha ha) Just cause you got out the hood Concerned only with getting dough, No longer poor but lost your soul They call this.. (Fame) I hear it callin' My name is callin' Why you strugglin' When you could be ballin' My head is sayin' yeah But my feet is stallin' So many walk in But any fallin' But I got to have it Like Eve and the apple She had to grab it I got to take it I got to make it That's the plan And I can't forsake it. What would you do for a little bit? What would you give for a little hit? For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E. 'Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave Got to have it Yeah, I made it I'm addicted Yeah, I'm feigning ('Cause once you get in, you don't wanna leave) Guess I can't leave then Guess I'm addicted In my mind I'ma fighter, my heart's a lighter My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up Arsenic writer, author with arthritis Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shititis Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics. Who wait for me to slip with it, so quick This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit So stop dwelling an I am not felling You fuckers are not ready, cause I got jelly, like Beyonce's pot belly This is Destiny, yes money I'm of running So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed and fuck the world til I'm gone, Constantly armed They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned I will not fall, I will stand tall, Feels like no one can beat me.  Follow me tell me if you feel me  I think niggaz is tryin to kill me  Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me  Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal  my criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel  See niggaz is false, sittin in court, turned snitches  that used to be real, but now they petrified bitches  I'm tryin to be strong, my firepower keep me warm I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone, Bitches be warned. word is bonb, you'll get torn I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggaz wrong  And then it's on, before I leave picture me  I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free  Watch me set it, niggaz don't want it, you can get it  Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it  This Thug Life nigga, we don't cater to you hoes  Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do', with fo Other man! I stand in slapped by the wind as I begin Do you know who I am? And many reply with a grin Yes, I'm tired of being obtruded Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted To sum it up in a nutshell, Eminem will you kick it for me? So I find myself in a certain obligatory A place that I dwell in, fell into some wonderful productions To make up for lost time, and then it brings obstruction Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile A mental projectile, I aim at the reptile I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus? Is there a reason for this? The hindrance is aggravating How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading? Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead There's so much more to learn and pages left to be read So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor Words can weigh a ton Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one Yeah, It's another Very few have made an attempt to put in a foot on the other side But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind And some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred Wrong, the world would never endure to arguing Awaking to the absence of unity is startling Oh foolish pride, what the hell are you trying to do? You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to Your echoing words that mean nothing are despicable So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless faceless Damn, you're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverance of a starchild Blessed with formidable talent and versatility But with such a power, there comes a responsibility To infringe on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear To form an alliance is something even the giants fear So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin Refusal of usin' is accepted now it's a trend Yeah, It's another... You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along You hate me but you know me and what I stand for No. so then why do you speak for me And every other white man when you that we're your enemy? On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore Rarely do you see the lighter side of me I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry But <i>[?]<i> is isolated, apologies are exhausted Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted Switch to the opposite, now scenes are being reenacted Pull up that boy by his roots, destroy him quick His fracture's obviating, we hate him, his patterns past us, huh Always fighting for the position of top dog That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine But I'm always having to prove myself, time after time Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast Judged from the past and he's put last And others with nothing to say Stutterin' and slurrin' and mutterin' words with no meaning attack be signin' like Danny Kaye Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please Yo, alright, yo I'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house With both of my wrists slit, I'm lifted up in the air And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes Door's open and close by themselves, books fly off shelves Curtains catch fire, the house melts My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum It got silent, then all these voices said Come follow me into the pits of Hell I heard 'em yell Welcome to the Norman Bates Motel! I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother Covered in dry blood, head still dented from the shovel I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess And told me that's just for starters, Satan'll be in to see me later Fuck an intro man, let's go. I come around like what goes around what goes up must come down anyone who comes up must go down might as well go for the gusto now better not let up, better not let them breathe last shot give it all you got try to turn me down bitch get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs hoes I hope all you rot 2 bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought? and you wanna menage a trois you twats fuck that I'd rather turn this club to a bar room brawl get as rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall like a leech stuck in a vacuum, yall ain't nothing but a whole lot of suckin', goin' on in rap yeah but I'm home Bad to the bone, Back in the zone, Let him alone You don't wanna go eggin' him on It'll never be my chair that you're on crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain no oxygen other words there's no heir to the throne when I die so does hip hop Hitchcock, better shit bitch ass got, a zip locked in a bag you fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone like I'm in the twilight, talking of my bone this is my mic dog I like hogging it flow so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganing I'm water logging it, I'm sogging it pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it suplex it on cement like I'm on some straight outta Compton shit take this dick and chomp on it I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment jackass eat a donkey dick the game I just about conquered it, like Donkey Kong I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit! I reign supreme in this honkey shit! no sense screaming, and arguing makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in! you think you ball well I palm it I throw up bombs when I vomit boy I throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omelette but you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy it's obvious you can tell I go right off the bat no pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage I catch a fly in that bitch you think you fly you just food I give as much of a flying fuck as that superman dude guess I just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and baboozled confused as usual and you can get ripped she can open a can too but you better hope you can handle the heat or stay the fuck outta hell's kitchen I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken yeah it's shady slut the rest can suck on a big one cos I'm as despicable, as Daffy Duck when I'm spitting, Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear them anymore Got me heartbroken,fine, so many babies screaming Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being So they start smoking weed, we'll never get our day Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die Before we learn to fly, some bodies else's child caught in guns Smoking weed, can all make a change So I'm told, but I haven't seen the change unfold, I keep hoping please, if you prefer to breathe, Communities in need of people that will lead Keep your eyes open, I can only say I'll try Until the day I die Niggas don't know my style Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style, These niggas don't know my style Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style I could be wrong but I never got along with cops Putting money on my head Go on and get your refund motherfucker, I ain't dead I'm the diamond in the dirt, That ain't been found I'm the underground king and I ain't been crowned When I rhyme, something special happen every time I'm the greatest, something like Ali in his prime I walk the block with the bundles I've been knocked on the humble Swing the ox when I rumble Show your ass what my gun do Got a temper nigga, go ahead, lose your head Turn your back on me, get clapped and lose your legs I walk around gun on my waist, chip on my shoulder Till I bust a clip in your face, pussy, this beef ain't over If it wasn't for rain Joy wouldn't feel so good, if it wasn't for pain Niggas don't know my style Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style, These niggas don't know my style Quick to smile juvenile, was a problem child Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style I could be wrong but I never got along with cops Let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen Let's pretend things would have been no different Pretend he procrastinated, had no motivation Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin they could blow away with the wind Marshall, you're never gonna make it makes no sense to play the game there ain't no way that you'll win Pretend he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changing again He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit Fuck a talent show in a gymnasium, bitch, you won't amount to shit quit daydreaming kid You need to get your cranium checked you thinking like an alien and just ain't realistic Now pretend they ain't just make him angry with this shit And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed it And his alarm went off to wake him but he didn't make it to the Rap Olympics Slept through his plane and he missed it He's gon' have a hard time explaining to Hailie and Lainie these food stamps and this WIC shit Cause he never risked shit he hoped and he wished it but it didn't fall in his lap so he ain't even here They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy Are they asking me that be Cause of the shit that's been thrown at me? Or am I just a little snappy and they genuinely care? Doody, most of my life it's just been me and you there And I continuously stare at pictures of you I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to, but I do Yeah, I say it now when you can't hear me What the fuck good does that do me now? But somehow I know you're near me in presence Oh, I went and dropped some presents off for Easter To them two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their Minds a little, and dog, you'll never believe this But Sharonda actually talks to me now Jesus! And everyone else is just tryin' to pick up the pieces Man, how could you touch so many fuckin' lives and just leave us? They say grievance has a way of affectin' everyone different If it's true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you? Difficult as it sounds Doody, I dropped a tear in a rhyme The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun Holton, it was written, it was woven For a soldier to leave so suddenly got me wide open How could God take a soul so dope and Turn around and leave us all heartbroken? Know that you're sayin', Keep goin'! Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty, until we meet again, Doody Doody that's what we'd call each other I don't know where it came from But it just stuck with us we was always brothers Never thought about each other's skin colors 'Til one day we was walkin' up the block in the summer It was like 90 degrees, I was catchin' a sunburn Tryin' to walk under the trees just to give me some comfort I'm moanin', I just wanna get home and I look over, and your shirt is off I'm like, You're gonna fry, you're like, No, I won't I'm black, stupid! And black people, they got melatonin In their skin we don't burn, meanwhile my face is glowin' And I feel like I'm on fire And the entire time you're just laughin' at me And snappin' at me with your shirt, bastard And I still have to get you back for that shit And by the way, them Playboy rings my mother stole from you Well, Nate finally got 'em back, shit It must've been at least sixteen years ago Well, I put 'em in your cask oww Movin' past it, it still ain't registered yet But you can bet, your legacy they'll never forget The Motor City, Motown, hip hop vet Hip Hop Shop, dreads, it don't stop there Yeah, as difficult as it sounds Doody, I dropped a tear in a rhyme The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun Holton, it was written, it was woven For a soldier to leave so suddenly got me wide open How could God take a soul so dope and Turn around and leave us all heartbroken? Know that you're sayin', Keep goin'! Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty, until we meet again, Doody And this might sound a little strange, but I'ma tell it I found that jacket that you left at my wedding And I picked it up to smell it I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass And hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it And as for all me and D12 we feel like Fuck rap! It feels like our general just fuckin' died in our lap We shut off all our pagers, all our cell numbers is changed Our twoways are in the trash So some cats will have to find a new way And I know it feels like the dreams will die with you today But the truth is they're all still here, and you ain't Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressin' on Don't ever give up the dream, dog, I got love for you all And Doody, it's true you brought people together Who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you You were the peacemaker, Doody I know sometimes you were moody But you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding But you was down for yours whenever it came to scrappin' If it had to happen, it had to happen Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to throw them bows back on Dresden From eggin' cars to paintballin' and gettin' arrested To sittin' across from each other in cells, laughin' and jestin' They tried to hit us for five years for that, no question I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up didn't show up for court So we got off on a technicality, left sweatin' Me, you and what's his face? I forgot his fuckin' name Shame he even came to your funeral, he betrayed our team And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fuckin' face And that's on Hailie Jade, Whitney Laine and Alaina's name I'll let the pistol bang once just to lick a shot In the air for you, and pour some liquor out With Obie in the parking lot of 54 just before We were supposed to get in cars to come and see you once more Difficult as it sounds (with Royce da 5'9)<span> Oh, all around the World, There's an echo As he takes a bow And they all know all the girls, the boys They chase the noise Through the highs and through the lows They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo I can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling I eat rappers with the rhyme, consume 'em The only fucking thing that you consume is time I'm super human, my world is like a Rubik's cube It's too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming My mentality's caveman stupid woman My life is Truman show, all I have is music hoe I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago So pretend my dick is a balloon and blow Cause you better put a fork in it if you think I'm a lay here just spooning yo Oh you think you the shit 'cause I just said you was beautiful Diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair follicle and cuticle Rotten to the core, to the bunghole all the way down to my soul, from my head to my toe... Ever since I was thirteen I learned how to sew, so shut my own booty hole Cause I ain't took no shit since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'm a set this bitch on fire And this time I don't mean I'm a pour gasoline on some chick and light her Cause this time when I fuck this world I'm put my whole Goddamn dick inside her I ain't even put my tip in that hoe yet I'm go get Nickel and try to rip it wider Oh, all around the World, There's an echo As he takes a bow And they all know all the girls, the boys They chase the noise Through the highs and through the lows They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo Classical poems Battle my own demons I need a glass of Patron Bad as I need a horn Stabbing my clavicle bone I'm matador prone First time I seen a desert eagle I was letting the 44 buss The 44 pop First time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs Looking at Robocop I'm not a man, I'm a logo, I'm sustain In order to clean my veins you need saline I'm never referring to the solution I'm talking about more like the mustang vroom Get respect from the getgo, hello Set to the echo, psycho Pen got a mind of it's own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise I'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song As the echo follows the Maserati As the petrol swallows, I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton Check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant I'm fly like I'm, killing the scene like I'm a villain with wings I'll sleep when I'm 6 feet deep, Right now I'm living a dream Though we may be reckless The ladies check us They whisper Shady Records Baby echo Oh, all around the World, There's an echo As he takes a bow And they all know all the girls, the boys They chase the noise Through the highs and through the lows They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo Cause baby I'm lonely Can somebody hold me It feel like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground It feels like I'm only Trying but slowly It feels like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground No more Probably one of my realest loves ever, four page letters In time it's all better, cause time heal whatever I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever Cars with cream leather, females are on regular What's the point in titles, we liking it how they tell us I'd rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready Now ready, Sean Don got me feeling heavy She like one more chance, more problems, no Biggie, ah It's all good, don't take it the wrong way Ain't nothing personal, but who this nigga in your face? We can leave together or you can take your space The night young, we should head over to my place Ha, now we laughing and all that Tell your friend they can fall back Ain't even gotta ask twice She said what you feeling like? I'm like... Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care My enemies crack corn but I don't care You can be black white or albino yeah You can have cornrows inside your hair I give a fuck if I don't like your stare This bottle of wine goes upside your head A little bit psycho but I know that Think you just don't say it and I won't say it See if you don't brag then I don't brag I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad I don't need ya'll to cosign no shit You can just keep making them tired old threats Little bit like the boy who cried wolf did See me but don't dare to try no shit Cuz you know that somewhere inside those layers The rattlesnakes right there to bite your ass And I can be so quite and strike so fast Like lightening bolts right out the sky go blast Uh, first verse, uh I'm armedon 'til I'm on a island My life's ridin' on the autobahn on autopilot Before I touch dirt I kill y'all with kindness I kill ya, my natural persona's much worse You've been warned if you've been born or if you conform Slap up a cop and then snatch him out of his uniform Leave him with his socks, hard bottoms and bloomers on And hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn Y'all niggas' intellect mad slow, y'all fags know Claimin' you bangin', you flamin' Bet you could light your own cigarette with your asshole Me and Shady deaded the past, so that basically resurrected my cashflow I might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke Though I ain't wrapped tight My blood type's the '80s! My '90s was like the Navy, you was like the Bradys You still fly kites daily! Catch me in my Mercedes Bumpin' Ice, Ice Baby screaming, Shady 'til I die! Like a half a pair of dice, life's crazy So I live it to the fullest 'til I'm Swayze And you only live it once, so I'm thinkin' 'bout this nice, nice lady Wait, no, stop me now 'fore I get on a roll (Danish) Let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is, 'cause she's kinda famous And I hope that I don't sound too heinous when I say this Nicki Minaj, but I wanna stick my penis in your anus! You morons think that I'm a genius Really I belong inside a dang insane asylum, came to drive them trailer parks Crazy, I am back, and I am razorsharp, baby And that's back with a capital B with an exclamation mark, maybe you should listen when I flip the linguistics 'Cause I'm gonna rip this mystical slick shit You don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit 'Cause after I spit the bullets, I'mma treat these shell casings like a soccer ball I'mma kick the ballistics! So get this dick, I'mma live this Livin' life in the fast lane Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down Only got a gallon in the gas tank But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride Gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) Livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) My whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit At war with a bottle, as Captain Morgan attacks my organs My slow flow is euphoric, it's like I rap endorphins I made a pact with the Devil that says I'll let you take me You let me take this shovel, dig up the corpse of Jack Kevorkian Go back and forth in more beef than you can pack a fork in I'm livin' the life of the infinite enemy down My tenement, chimney now the semiâs the remedy, pow Spin him around, enterin' in the vicinityâ Now, was called M&ampM, but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper Chewed him up and spitted him out Girl, giddyup, now get, get down He's lookin' around this club and it looks like people are havin' a shitfit now Here, little tttrailer trash, take a look who's back in tttown Did I sststutter, motherfucker? Fuck them all, He shuts the whole motherfuckin' Walmart dddown every time he comes arrround And he came to the club tonight with 5'9â³ to hold this bitch down Like a motherfuckin' chick underwater, she tryna ddrdrown Shorty, when you dance, you got me captivated Just by the way that you keep lickin' them dick suckin' lips, I'm agitated, aggravated To the point you don't suck my dick, then you're gonna get decapitated Other words, you don't fuckin' give me head, then I'm have to take it And then after takin' that, I'mma catch a case, it's gon' be fascinatin' It's gon' say The whole rap game passed away on top of the affidavit Graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator To Michael Jackson's activator (Woo!) Meanin' I'm on fire off the top, might wanna back up data Rolling over hiphop in a verbal tractortrailer Homie, they're sick, you can normally ask a hater Don't it make sense, these shell casings is just like a bag of paper Drop in the lap of a tax evader (Homie, they spent) Now make that ass drop like a sack of potatoes What, girl, I'm the crackalator Percolator to this party, be my penis ejaculator later Tell your boyfriend that you just struck paydirt You're rollin' with a player, you won't be exaggeratin' when you say you're... Livin' life in the fast lane Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down Only got a gallon in the gas tank But I'm almost at the finish line, so I can't stop now I don't really know where I'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride Gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) Life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal) Pedal to the metal (First Word, Excrement) Exclimate, is that what you said? My next defense, against these extra men Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again (Vaseline) You little sickass, I'll spray em with gasoline They try to jack me off with Vaseline My ass is mean, I smash your spleen When I crash the scene (Cell Phone) With a cell phone, now who the hell is home? Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words (Animal Crackers) Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards Ha ha, I got it, that's not it Fake rappers been spotted (Broken Headphones) Like broken headphones, you head home, you sped home You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word for your mother (Stretch Armstrong) Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach And star wars, this car's a Taurus Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause I'm drunk off (Peanut Butter) Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter (Mark Whalberg) Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'mma step on him like dogshit A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with (Pulp Fiction) With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction Like slurpees, got herpes, got a hair piece, rest my anises<i>[?]<i> Got brain damage, I'm dumber than rain man is There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich Hurry up, give me one, rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none (Fresh vegetables) With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I Be (Preparation H) Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme Just shut up for one more time, while I just shine, on this Microphone, cause I'mma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word (Nostradamus) That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas And coming back to get your parents, well I have it These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole (Times Square) In Times Square, I got blonde hair, I'm higher than con air Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare In a lawn chair, cause I'm there (Kurt Russell) With Kurt Russell, saying come here Goldie, you want my love muscle? I know you want it, I get blunted, then I Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees (Taxicab) With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad Where we going? Don't ask me dad Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass? Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest (Flamingos) What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? (DT's fired) But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch Damn, see my big ick? Catch Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out, I get ill with the skill Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi Yo man.. Yo Marsh man, You've been kickin' all this shit about yourself, what about the homies man? Ai, you want one about the posse, Aight  Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride Oh, oh, ph, ohh Foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride Well foolish pride has alot of things to say You got foolish pride, you got tooth decay But tooth decay is another problem So let's take this old foolish pride and solve it Now, when I talk about foolish pride I mean blacks &amp whites taking different sides When blacks and whites take different sides Unity never happens, and we will subside We will subside and hatred will release And everything will just crush that peace Well, when we crush that peace, we start hatin' each other But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister Just like I'm a mister I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her I kissed her I placed it on her cheek And she didn't come back til next week Now it was next week and she was back again Wanting to kiss a white kid So she was my girlfriend, we started going out But that's okay because we were Black and white Blacks and whites they sometimes mix But Black girls only want your money cause they're dumb chicks So I'ma say like this Don't date a Black girl, take it as a diss If you want, but if you don't I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't Never date a Black girl because Blacks only want your money And that shit ain't funny So I'ma say look honey Why do you do this? You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus Then you try to grab my spinach Because its green and that's cash So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass I said that before, but that's okay because like I said you're a whore Black girls and white girls just don't mix Because Black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks White girls are good I like white girls I like white girls all over the world White girls are fine and they blow my mind And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme 'Cause Black girls, I really don't like We don't mix, it's like riding a bike When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you I'm giving you a little advice Don't date a Black girl, if you do it once you won't do it twice You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money And that ain't funny So I'ma say look honey I thought I said that before But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore So when mike catch on the bass line That's okay 'cause we will not just waste time I'll get straight to the point Black girls are bitches, that's why I'ma tell ya you better pull up your britches 'Cause all that cash is making your ass drag From the boyfriend ya ganked and that's pretty bad I mean that's pretty sad when ya dating a Black guy And then you turn around and fuck another big, Black guy Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking But that's okay because you need a goddamn spanking From me, the funky Eminem I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm I'm busting a freestyle just like this I say swallowing phlegm and Howard gets pissed But when Howard gets pissed that's okay Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it I cross that bridge when I come to it Because, I forgot the chorus But that's okay 'cause y'all saying bust a rhyme for us So I'ma bust another rhyme about this Black girl She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl A wack girl, because Black girls ain't funny All they want is your godamn money They take you for everything you got And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand So I'ma kick it to you just like this How does the chorus go, I forgot But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride I'ma say oh foolish pride Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh I done figured this rap shit out I map shit out strategically Timing is everything and that seems to be the key To my success, it's worked for me repeatedly Let 'em diss you first, and respond immediately And order the mask til they want a war, don't start a war Shit not no more, we done scared em off, there are no more Victims to stick I'm fixin to pick some and start shit I'm outta <i>[repeat]<i> Pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at Ain't got no more targets, shit Irv and Jeff We done beat em to death, Benzino went deaf There seems to just be no one left to bully Bush is pussy Why the fuck you think his name's Bush? Puss is bushy Ain't shit goin on, shit I been gettin so bored lately I'm thinkin of doin some shit to get you to go and hate me again To tell the truth, I liked the shit better then Shit I could spit better, I'm bout to kick this sick shit again, look The game just isn't the same, it's changin Shit Dre's quittin, Jay'z quittin, now it's just gangstas just sayin the same shit It's ancient, it's fakin It's makin me so bored, I'mma just make a new language Fubba you cubba kubba, yubba obubba uba Yubba can subbabick my dubbibbabick through a tooba Summaladoomalama I'm not a human I'm a supersonic neurobonic suicidal unibomber You think I'm a nuisce, I'm impressive I'm the new Madonna Jeffery Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on A lotta talk and rumors honest whos the hottest, to be honest (feat. Proof)<span> Fuck it, friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the end I shoulda been able to see that you were the one behind this But I was blind as fuck to think that you weren't the kind that stuck some more in the spine this It was as if our friendship broke in half And watch you turn everything into a game and joke and laugh And both of us know we can't discuss the situation Like adults each confrontation just results in accusations and insults So I'ma just let it go for now And leave you be, it's over now What goes around comes back around Believe you me, lay low for now, come here you fuckin' Come here you fuckin' backstabber Why I oughta, beat a bitch nigga from the hood, haha Come here you fuckin' backstabber Why I oughta, beat a nigga that's up to no good, haha Why don't you take a second to stop and think about what you done And you want to call that being a friend, that isn't what you want All because of what you run your mouth, you wanna prance around and gloat? Let's see how well you dance around when I got my hands around your throat Cause it's a matter of time till I get my blows in and it won't be long You shouldn't go walkin' around and stickin' your nose in where it don't belong Cause every time you talked when you was stretchin the truth Theres gonna be one more flyin' knuckle you're gonna catch in the tooth Come here, come here you fuckin' Come here you lil doublecrossing goin behind my back snitcher Good for nothin but trouble causin instigating fact switcher You were the least that I suspected Till the puzzle fell into place with every piece that I selected But I'll never let that crap happen again You come back blabbin' again Catch it smack dab in the chin That's for backstabbin a friend Cause every name in the book Wouldn't be enough So I just figured I'd say your name in the hook Check it out, come here you fuckin Backstabbers don't live too long Around my way friendships betrayed In the hood you die for that! For those that don't love this combat and verbally say this This could relate to the death of a backstabber Thats like the desire to make total discombobulation and combustion of the neck The backstabber for the female, you skeezin' ass bitch nigga! So remember, the backstabber always loses in the end A friend is a friend to the end FRI for Fri, END a friend for the end..yes To eternity..the backstabber shall never flourish (from Cradle 2 the Grave soundtrack)<span> I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep Ain't gonna breathe, 'til I see what I wanna see And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep in the dirt Permanently, you just being hurt This ain't gonna work for me It just wouldn't be, sufficient enough Cause we, are just gonna be, enemies As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us Coming to terms, where we can agree There ain't gonna be, no reasoning, speaking wit me You speak on my seed, then me, no speaka ingles So we gonna beef, and keep on beefing, unless You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen And you're gonna see, this gangster pee on himself I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help Me do this one all by my lonely I don't need fifteen of my homies When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only We never met, but best believe you gon' know me When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony Come on bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too! Now go to sleep bitch Die, motherfucker, die Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes Go to sleep, bitch (what) Why are you still alive How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes And go to sleep bitch (what) Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye Go to sleep bitch (what) Why are you still alive Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah Go to sleep bitch We got you niggas nervous On purpose, to hurt your focus You's not MC's, you's worthless You's not them G's, you's a circus You's no appeal, please You's curtains, you use words Kool Herc slurred in two thousand third You's purping, you's no threat, who's ya serving When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth And as I mold, I become a curse So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who Depicts fiction in his verse And as I breathe, and you be deceased The world believe you deceived just to speak You's not the streets, you's the desk Use not your chest nigga, use a vest Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth Hey dog, I'mma walk like a beast, talk like the streets I'mma stay blazing New York with the heat Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowing But I'mma keep growing, getting larger than life Easy going with the same one that started the fight He be knowing how dog get, when dog don't bite Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life Grand Champ, and my Blood Line is tight Cuz it's all good, it's all right Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac Blood Line, and, we can go track for track Damn, dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that All you motherfuckers, take that Here, take this too, bitch Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Wahoo We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you Fake ass gangsters No more press No more press Rot, motherfuckers, rot Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt Die nameless, bitch, die nameless, no more fame Ahh, hahahaha Shut up and sing Listen Gone Again..... Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you? What happens when you become the main source of her pain? Daddy look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she? I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rockabybaby... Listen Gone Again Story of my life Searching for the right But it keeps avoiding me Listen Gone Again Sorrow in my soul Cause it seems that wrong Really loves my company They say they never really miss you til you dead or you gone So on that note I'm leaving after the song So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long Atleast let me tell you why I'm this way, Hold on I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adaness Revees Who made love under the Siccamore tree  Which makes me A more sicker M.C. and my momma would claim At 10 pounds when I was born I didn't give her no pain Although through the years I gave her her fair share I gave her her first real scare I made it from birth and I got here She knows my purpose wasn't purpose I ain't perfect I care But I feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear Now I'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared I went to school got good grades could behave when I wanted But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted Hold on Listen Gone Again Story of my life Searching for the right But it keeps avoiding me Listen Gone Again Sorrow in my soul Cause it seems that wrong Really loves my company I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying? Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're lying You always say that, you always say this is the last time But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy  no stop it! Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket It's got a picture, this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha' I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em They're saying You've got one more chance to do right  and it's tonight Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on And I'm singing... Listen Gone Again Story of my life Searching for the right But it keeps avoiding me Listen Gone Again Sorrow in my soul Cause it seems that wrong Really loves my company Shady records ain't nobody better than this Shady records no cheddar than us  Shady records ain't nobody better than this You can hate me all you want  It don't phase me, its so crazy I let these motherfuckers worry about what I'm doing But they need to worry about them goddamn selves I just do me  You should be doing you not trying to copy on me I got this locked from the burbs to the projects Now none of you worry cause I got next This rap shit out I map shit strategically Timing is everything and that seems to be the key To my success it's worked for me repeatedly Timing is everything and that seems to be the key Let them diss you first respond immediately In order to master art of war don't start a war shit not no more We done scared them off there are no more Victims to sick I'm fixing the pics  I'm a start shit ain't got no pictures to rip And shit to throw darts at  Ain't got no more targets shit Irv and Jeff    We don't beat em to death benzino in dept Just be no one left to bully  Bush is pussy, why the fuck you think in name's bush Puss is bushy ain't shit going on shit I been getting so bored lately I'm thinking of doing some shit To get you to go and hate me again The game just isn't the same its changing Shit Dre's quitting Jay's quitting Now its wanksta they're saying the same shit It's ancient its fake  Its making me so bored I'ma just make a new language Fubba U cuppa cubba Uppa u Uppa Oobba Youbba can Susubba my dadabbadick throug the tuba Some other rumour lama I'm not a huma I'ma Supersonic new robotic suicidal Unabomber You think I'm the new osama Press thinks I'm a new madonna Jeffry Dahmer left me  With his legacy to carry on a Lot talk and rumors on us  Who's the hottest to be honest  Hip hop ain't been the same since tupac moved to cuba on us Shady records ain't nobody better than this Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us  Shady records ain't nobody better than this Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us You can hate all you want, but I don't give it a thought Coz you don't know about me Its really that simple, I can fit in a thimble whatcha Know about me? They ain't feeling my songs, I tell the haters be gone coz  You don't know about me...better het use to the fact That I be doing this tracks until they know about me Shady records ain't nobody better than this Shady records no cheddar than us  Shady records ain't nobody better than this Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you hell, fucker Na, na, na, na ,na, na, na, na La, la, la, la , la, la, la, la Talking about he left the hospital, took 9 like me spoke 21 gun salute take my kindness for weakness Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up? Ahha! Yeah! C'mon! Gggg GUnit! Hailie What? Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar OK We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass! I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple I'm quick to murder ink with lead And I ain't talking 'bout a pencil Look at what the fuck you done got into I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual Claiming you a murderer, and you spelled it wrong You put E before the D, 'cause that's all you on You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy If he was still alive, you would never get by All you do is cry, bitch, keep it real Life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals That another nigga got you? They didn't see skills And I ain't playin', you a brother getting cheated And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover, 'cause he need it And all you niggas hating, shut your mouths! It's just that real niggas ain't buying that shit y'all put out Doe, rae, me, but we don't sing, motherfuckers So Murder Inc, do your thing, motherfuckers You unleashed on a team Who expects nothin' less than R&B coming from that regime Regime is a little extreme Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines Ja sold his soul to sing Weave eyewitness team on the TV screen, chase the greed Now that you've embraced the green Don't fuck with the triple beams You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonating rapper Slash Billie Holiday how it happen? Artist and repertoire saw him in action Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him Told him, Reenact him, you go platinum! They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenacting her boy So I'm clickclackin' this toy, mash and destroy Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, motherfucker! Doe rae me, fasolatida Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot Mamasaymamasamamacosa Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not Shooting at me, with the only shot you got Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop Now, we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs We don't take you serious, nigga, you shook You half of a halfway crook get off X dick, go sing a hook! Nigga, and you can't replace the late great one And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one Nigga, please stick to the script Before the guns stick to the clip And Benzino, you ain't shit but a bitch! Fuckin' oldass, ignorant, innocentlookin' senior citizen Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive Wait a minute, hold on is it me, or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on? A bitchmade man now, how you gonna connect With them short ass arms, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex You niggas can scream, holler and curse Go ahead and respond And pull that pen and pad up outta your purse Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas What up, Gotti? And this little war you pushed on Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggas? Roll like a boss, in the streets they still feel us It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept You talking nonsense to walking bomb threats Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source Threaten at the boss, you gon' see me on your porch Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or that transvestite? That dress like a Lil Kim fox You're just like a little windbox Press tight on the trigger of this Glock Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep You got shot in your video trying mock Pac You Mockaveli get your own identity! Doe rae me, fasolatida Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot Mamasaymamasamamacosa Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not Shooting at me, with the only shot you got Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again Fuckin' punkpussy bitch! I'll fuck you up, boy! Never! Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life  I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass That's right, motherfuckers Shady records, what you know about it? Fuck Benzino! Fuck Ja Rule! Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers Ja Rule punk ass, yeah, fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real That the nigga from Soul 4 Real! Candy Rainass nigga, he got a deal, now he rappin' You don't know what's, faggotass motherfuckers Get money to all my real niggas, man Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me? Jigoku e iku no wa.. omae ga saki da! Welcome back, to the stage of history Yo.. Slim Shady! Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll.. I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww) Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to The only key that I see to defeat you would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse  you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you  (Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal  I ain't tryin to shoot you,  I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass  and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!) Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket to fill it full of explosive gasses and close it back with a lit match in it  while I sit back and just hope it catches  Blow you to fragments Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes I see the light at the end But every time I take a step, it gets dim Tell me is this hell we're livin in? If so, heaven's got to be better But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never) I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot One day we all gon' die But when I die, I'ma be so high that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare with the chalk outline still there I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock Now if I pray everynight (night) Do I still have to hold my trey very tight? You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse Since way back, I was one to never like backtalk See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith Angels greet me but I don't reply back Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at? Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns Final battle, fight! Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel Everyday I grow more older, and more colder Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care But every time I take a step, it gets dim.. Tell me is this hell we're livin in? Haha.. Time's up! You lose! Your mother, you fuckin faggot La da da, da da da, da da <i>[repeated]<i> Aiyo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Schrody Rest in peace, we aint forget about you, you fuckin homo We still remember There once was a man who liked to jump around (jump around) But he got too old to jump up and down (up and down) (so then what happened?) So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up (picked the guitar up) (and then he what?) Started singin the blues like there's no tomorrow (no tomorrow) (come on) Left his boys in the house of pain (the house of pain) It was the wisest decision he ever made (ever made) But the dumbest thing he could ever do (could ever do) Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) Cause I remember all those years How it was when you were here I remember how it was, how it was when you were young Yesterday was so long ago (long ago) Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more I remember back when you had The Knack (had the knack) And i remember when you had your first heart attack (heart attack) I was right there laughin when I heard the news (heard the news) I just wish the cardiac would'a murdered you (would'a murdered you) Maybe IceT's right, you are a bitch (you are a bitch) You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich (leave when you're rich) But the dumbest thing that you could ever do (you could ever do) Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady Tell me now what you gonna do (now what you gonna do) Yo (yo) yo (yo) yo (yo) Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford Before his heart attack had him on life support When house of pain was out of fame like someone doused the flame And they became destined to never jump around again  Or even further back, when I first had heard The Knack And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man I was into it But then you went and took your style and switched the shit Now you sound ridiculous you dickless piece of shit, How could you diss me, bitch? I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude, Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you Started rhymin, then you left the room  and didn't say goodbye or nothin? Like you mad that someone else was White and tried to rhyme or somethin I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish {Muslim} Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a {Muslim} too Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do What's up with you?  I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me? Knowin I could rap circles around you, what, you nuts as me? Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin sing And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92 So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues You fuckin punk, pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy, fuck And by the way, a 380's a fuckin sissy gun If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin real gun You little bitch Next time say my fuckin name in a song Don't be subliminal about it You wanna fuckin diss me, diss me you fuckin faggot I'm having a relapse Man, what the hell is his problem? To kill this elderly man Inside a mannequins ass The first thing i'll put on is the mask By strangulation Well thank you jason And i'll be done for it mama Down the bathroom faucet Breaking his neck in 80 some places Yeah, here i come come you hear the rumbling, vrum vrum Where'd it come from? 'Cause she didn't come home I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song She got that good good, she Michael Jackson bad I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass And now we're murderers, because we kill the time I knock her lights out and she still shine I hate to see her go, but I love to watch her leave But I keep her running back and forth like a soccer team Cold as a winter day, hot as a summer's eve Young money thieves, steal your love and leave I like the way you walk and if you're walking my way I'm that red bull now let's fly away Let's buy a place, with all kind of space I let you be the judge, n' n' and I'm the case I'm Gudda Gudda I put her under I see me with her, no Stevie Wonder She don't even wonder, coz she know she bad And I got her nigga, grocery bag If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song Man, if I could sing. I'd keep singing this song to my daughter If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't... Now you probably get this picture from mu public persona That I'm a pistol packing drug addict who bags on his mama But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside my soul And just know that I grow cold of the older I grow This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breaking Should I just give up or live up to these excpetations? now look, I love my daughter more than life itself But I got a wife that's determined to make my life living hell, But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt So many chances man, it's too bad coulda had someone else But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted So here's what I'm facing, 3 felonies, 6 years of probation I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman I've taken bats to people's back, bent over backwards for this woman If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Check Check, 1,2â1,2â1,2 (it's rolling) Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is. It's what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam Records giving it to you baby. Yo Eminem! show these mother fuckers what time it is baby I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit Now if I only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam I hate the straight jacket it ainât latching, and can't lock it So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it Before me and just kept throwing they fucking self at it My head is aching! I'm dedicated to medication But this med is taking too long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!) Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?) The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray Running up and down the street screaming Fuck the Police! When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth (Fucking baby)  Became a role model after Colorado Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo! Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public Suck my dick bitch! I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place So put a sock in it with your fakeass Tupac image You faggots ain't tough you just get drunk and become talkative (Wanna Fight?)  I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does I ain't buzzed! I'm just high on life So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites Motherfucker? Slim Shady Dr. Dre! I'm drunk pass the tec Cause if I get locked up tonight! Then I might not come home tonight! Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on Off and on, Dr. Dre is On Cause if I get locked up tonight! Then I might not come home tonight! Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on Off and on, Dr. Dre is On The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!) Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake Donât get so bent out of shape Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me Cause they don't know better They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?) Shit, talk about your brain being baked My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby, Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter! fuck you lady! You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit I'll have a fucking man raped with a bandaid over his mouth And shove his head in the fan blade Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say Or change cause of the agerange in my fan base Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit HipHop is universal now, it's all commercial now It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now But now the White kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night gets silent Either that or booed, thatâs why I keep an attitude And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old Cause if I get locked up tonight! Then I might not come home tonight! Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on Off and on, Dr. Dre is On Cause if I get locked up tonight! Then I might not come home tonight! Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on Off and on, Dr. Dre is On Fuck that, turn that shit off Let's get the fuck out of here Ah, yeah (It's like this, like this) This is Eminem, baby, back up in that motherfucking ass ('Til forever, 'til forever) One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's) We represent the 313, you know what I'm saying? Yo, they don't know shit about this, for the '96 Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action A brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills I travel through your mind, and chill your spine like siren drills I'm slimin' grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects And twistin' necks of rappers 'Til their spinal column disconnects Put this in decks and check the monologue Turn your system up, twist 'em up And indulge in the marijuana smog This is the season for noise pollution contamination Examination of more cartunes than animation My lamination of narration Hits a snare and bass on a track for duck rapper interrogation When I declare invasion There ain't no time to be starin', gazin' I turn the stage into a barren wasteland I'm Infinite you heard of Hell Well, I was sent from it I went to it, serving a sentence For murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted To make another attempt at it I'm Infinite Bust it! I let the beat commence So I can beat the sense in your elite defense I got some meat to mince A crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeepfull of people MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium Battle a band of phony MC's, and stand the lonely one Imitator, intimidator, stimulator Simulator of data eliminator There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces My a cappella releases classic masterpieces Through telekinesis, it eases you mentally Gently, sentimentally, instrumentally With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite I'm Infinite you heard of Hell Well, I was sent from it I went to it, serving a sentence For murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted To make another attempt at it I'm Infinite Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant To do some shit that represents the MO So I'm assuming all responsibility 'Cause there's a monster will in me That always wants to kill MCs Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler No one else is specialer, my skill is intergalactical I get cynical, act a fool, then I send a crew back to school I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin' So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo On my last jam, plus the man who never had a plan B Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit I'm tensed a bit, and tempted When I see the sins my friends commit I'm Infinite you heard of Hell Well, I was sent from it I went to it, serving a sentence For murdering instruments Now I'm trying to repent from it But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted To make another attempt at it I'm Infinite '95, '96 ('96) I don't got no time to play around, what is this? Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy We the label for sure! We gonna kill your fuckin' label for sure! Cause I'm off probation in less than six months <i>[gun cocked]<i> I've got a riddle, what's little and talks big With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name If it means walking the whole Mediterranean Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian No it's Dave, Raymond and oh, Osorio So sorry whoa, but that was a long time ago When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement I apologized fo' it before, so Either accept it or you don't And let's move on, if I ain't shown that I've grown Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts Or should I say asses? What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses? The question I ask is.. How can I explain this? How can I swing this, in English language? If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn Do I do it in vain, or simply to entertain? Am I being real or am I being fake Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine Or am I caught up in this hot water Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture Don't let em insult ya, I'ma tell you one more gain This is the environment that I was brought up in But every now and then, I use my pen To get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism? Your face is numb, you're stunned you look as cold Like that of a man who's 70 some years old And it only gets colder, which is why I understand I can't be mad at a forty four year old fan With a chip on his shoulder Who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen Is to put me on the front of it again Only thing that makes him grin, is to see me frown Papa can't stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the *** down In his new chair that goes round and round That he bought from new money in his bank account That I get him every issue when the thang comes out Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out And let his black side arm wrestle his white side Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide He might find someone dumb enough who might ride But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys Disguised as problack there's no slack for a Hartford college grad In a fitted hat and a hunch back, standing by the clearance coat rack Let it go Gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, Your time, Your time. Let it go You gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, Your time, Your time Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for. Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for. When they know they're your heart And you know you are there armor. And you would destroy anyone that would try to harm her. But what happens when karma, Turns right around and bites you. And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you, What happens when you become the main source of the pain 'Daddy look what I made'  'Daddy's gotta go catch a plane' 'Daddy, wheres mommy, I cant find mommy where is she.?' 'I don't know go play Hailie baby your daddy's busy' Daddy's writing a song this song ain't gon' write itself, I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around in that song and tell her you lover her. And put hands on her mother who's a spittin' image of her. Thats slim shady, yeah baby slim shady's crazy shady made me but tonight shadys rockabybaby. Let it go Gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, Your time, Your time. Let it go You gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, Your time, Your time. I'm too attached my heart wont let me fall back. I got it bad, thats what you can call that When I see you in the streets thats the worse for me Used to love the little things you did thats what works for me. Its too major don't see you on my pager Know what you doing, where you at or can I see you later? The fellas tellin me 'just let her go bow' believe me, I'm tryin man, I just don't know how I be in all the top spots leaving with all the hot shots knowing they just want me cause I'm in the 'top spot' Thats not poppin' and my brain ain't stoppin thinkin,  who she with, or where she goin, is she club hoppin'.? I never had this kind of problem in my life this is the first time dealin with this kind of fight. its every night and every flight  and everytime you in my sight  damn this ain't even right cause.. Let it go Gotta let it go. Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, You time, Your time. Let it go You gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Your time, Your time, Your time. I keep havin this dream, I'm pushin hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing. 'your making mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying' 'baby daddy ain't leaving no more' 'daddy your lyin, you always say that, you always say this is the last time, but you ain't leavin no more, daddy your mine' She's piling boxes infront of the door tryin to block it 'daddy please daddy don't leave daddy no stop it' Goes into her pocket pulls out a tiny necklace locket its got a picture. 'this will keep you safe daddy take it witcha' I look up its just me standin in the mirror These fuckin walls must be talkin cause man I can hear em Their sayin you got one more chance to do right and its tonight now go out there and show em that you love em before its too late And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage, there gone and the spotlight is on. Let it go Gotta let it go keep living your life cause its your time. Your time, Your time, Your time Let it go You gotta let it go Keep living your life cause its your time Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down! OK.. Guess who's back? Back again Shady's back Tell a friend Whaaaaaaaa Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright, stop! Pajama time Come here, little kiddies, on my lap Guess who's back with a brand new rap? And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child investigation accusation (AHAHAHAHAH) No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I done touched on everything but little boys That's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good God, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes and just glide Up the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bunghole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little poot poot, it's OK! <i>[*fart sound*]<i> Oops, my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah, boy, shake that ass Oops, I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl, you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh, baby (AHAH) Oh, baby, baby (AHAH) Well, it's Friday and it's my day Just to party all the way to Sunday Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day Everyday's just a holiday Crusin' on the freeway Feelin' kinda breezy Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow I dunno where I'm goin' All I know is when I get there Someone's gonna touch my body Excuse me, miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair? Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah) Now, what's your name, girl? What's your sign? DRE! (AHAH) Beer goggles! Blind! I'm just tryna unwind now I'm Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah, boy, shake that ass Oops, I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl, you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh, baby (AHAH) Oh, baby, baby (AHAH) It's Tuesday and I'm locked up I'm in jail and I don't know what happened They say I was running buttnaked Down the street screaming (AHAHAHAHAH) Well, I'm sorry, I don't remember All I know is this much I'm not guilty They said, Save it, boy, we gotcha you on tape yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch My Body!' Now this is the part where the rap breaks down It gets real intense, no one makes a sound Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves Snap back to reality Look it's B.Rabbit! Yo you signed me up to battle!? I'm a grown man! Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie! Fella's (what?!) fella's (what?!) Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?) Black girls White girls Skinny girls Fat girls Tall girls Small girls I'm callin' all girls Everyone report to the dance floor It's your chance for a little romance or Butt squeezin' it's the season Just go (AHAHAHAH) It's so appeasin' Now I'm gonna make you dance It's your chance Yeah, boy, shake that ass Oops, I mean girl, Girl, girl, girl, Girl, you know you're my world Alright now lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Just lose it (AHAHAHAHAH) Go crazy (AHAHAHAHAH) Oh, baby (AHAH) Oh, baby, baby (AHAH) UmMmMmm touch my body UmMmMmm touch my body Ooh, boy, just touch my body Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town Yo.... And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim Emzy... Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go.... Come against me... You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you.... Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped... rock..shit...bitch Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart You're so fired you're down {mumbling} give a piss give a dick give a lick You better back up... Back off before I jack off You better back off before I jack off  come here little girl Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch I've always looked at battle rap as competition or war, and the main objective is to destroy, completely fuckin' obliterate your opponent by saying anything and everything, whatever the fuck you can, to get a reaction from the crowd. So nothing's off limits. I need you to spit that lyrical miracleâ in the swimming pool Before this kicks off, let me set my balls in this tees 'Cause I'm dottin' i's every time I cross one of these There's not a redeeming quality at all in me It's impossible, seems like an implausible dream Positive clean thoughts intervene But they're all either altered and mean Assault and demean, tossed and they're being lost in the scheme Squashed in between a brainwashing machine Like an Islamic regime, a jihadist extreme radical Suicide bomber that's seeing Ariana Grande sing her last song of the evening And as the audience from the damn concert is leaving Detonates the device strapped to his abdominal region I'm not gonna finish that, for obvious reasons But bring your dogs, I'ma muzzle 'em I'm not Middle Eastern but I'll make a bitch Raqqa hijab And at least a extra large in a Tshirt Headscarf and a piece of tarp underneath the carpet, hasta la vista I go Hamas on the beats to a paradox on the beach And a pair of crotchless underwear on a terrorist watch list Gettin' head in the sand like an embarrassed ostrich Professional shit sprayer Bitch watch who you talkin' to, like Apple wristwear Endangered species in this ABC shit a bit scarce Prey's decreasing, I face extinction like disc players Told this chick she's hot as Jada Pinkett And just stared 'til I made her think it Said, Maybe we should just get married. She's facing me, I placed my feet with my hips square Tell her, Turn around, spread her legs for me, then I hit bare Leave her stretched out like a baby Tshirt on Ric Flair As I rip, tear, anal beads in a split rear Spray Febreze in the chick's hair Make her wheeze tryna get air I played for keeps, there's no escaping me, I have a bitch scared And chained to me, and throw away the key And she'll be so afraid to leave That even if she ends up breaking free she'll just sit there Tryin' to scrape up enough courage and strength to get up It's impossible like rapin' a slut We stay buttnaked and fuck You're close, wait for you, what? My idea, you comin' too, is waking you up With smelling salts after I Quaalude your cup That'll straighten you up if you try to stray like a pup Hate to get bogged down in details But bitch, I'm like the dog pound with females My brain is corrupt, real life, Hillside Strangler I strangle a skank's neck 'til it's triangular Shape but it's upside down, and my mouth ain't gonna shut And mention me in your raps if it makes you a buck Or helps you rake in the ducats, I want payment in pub 'Cause I ain't tryna get in your bars like I'm waiting the club But if you put me in your lines, I'm takin' a cut Get a million writers inside of a room combined in it Try to get every idea of every possible line to spit Every punchline, every combination that rhymes with it Bitch, a whole team can't see me, there's no I's in it Head so big, I shot myself ten times in it Tryna commit suicide and it, took five minutes And I survived the shit Someone's gonna challenge me, who? Battle me and win, that's a fucking fallacy too You name one motherfucker in this galaxy, *spits*, reality You fantasy, rally your troops, try to boost the morale Only time I start a movement's a bowel I can't even give a yeah or a woo when you rap in the booth Not even a nah or a boo 'Cause even though I'm allergic to the crap that you spew When I'm 'bout to break out, I don't mean get a rash from it too 'Cause when I say I have allergies, I actually do But that's just an analogy, I've never had a reaction to you Creature from the Black Lagoon I reach up and I smack the moon You're grief struck that I'm back so soon Your teacher for this afternoon Creep up with a pack of hoodlums We pack a punch like Capri Sun Heat tucked like we each snuck in a submachine gun We stuck in a submarine bun, with a bag of shrooms Cup of lean up in the padded room Justin Bieber in a Catholic school Selling dust and reefer when your back is to him Don't adjust your speaker I'll cuss the stripes off of a fuckin' zebra when I'm at the zoo Huffin' cleaner 'til I gag from fumes Fuck Christina with a plastic spoon While I bump some GFunk and blast some Snoop 'Cause her double Gcups are massive, huge! It's fun for me just to grab a boob Plus my penis got an attitude My fuckin' weiner's in a combative mood Come and suck a mean one like it's mad at you I speak tongueincheek, what you asslicks do 'Cause you love to eat butt, it's sad but true I just sprung a leak suddenly What I think in my gut instinct become in sync My thoughts and my stomach link up with each other Ink touches the pad, then boom! Since the day Dre gave me beats, I was made elite That's basically what makes me me Creating stink, 'til these tats are fading ink Who's the greatest? Think we're still debating, wink ADD, and better put out an APB 'Cause it'll take LAPD and me layin' in the street For you to see Shady beat And I'll bet ya they'd need cleats 'Cause I'd have to be stomped by forty men to suffer a defeat I pray please Jesus to make me decent Inhaling the main ingredient of pain relievers, and saline I take three Aleves, tryna break these fevers, I'm ailing I stay free of divas and ladies screamin' 'Cause they keep schemin' on me Vading keepin' the women at bay Like Laci Peterson, baby fetuses Legs and feet have been weighted, chained in semen It's straight demonâand wait! Even if it takes meat cleavers to make believers Mistakefree schemes are enablin' me to remain deviant Breakbeat, eat her like steak meat Emcees take seats like AMC theaters Deranged ringleader, depraved king Who mainstream media hates Which makes things easier, still under scrutiny Villainous smooth criminal, livin' room With the nude Reese Witherspoon Who was bruised, beat with a broom It's in two pieces, and lays deceased in it Pit with a chewed leash, and his chainlink leapin' it Live in the booth, shave, eat, bathe, drink, sleep in it RAP bleed the shit, still and I poop, pee it It's a spillage, a sewage leak, waistdeep feces The syllables ooze fecal, they feel like renewed leases 'Cause my brain releases 'em Like waste excretion, it's simultaneously As I'm givin' these fools grief, they're feelin' the blues 'Cause even if stealin' my shoes, thieves Just to fill 'em's a huge feat A hill and it's too steep Obey these demons, we're still in cahoots Keep feedin' me blank sheets As soon as I sink these teeth And I'm killin' the loose leaf Time to shake these trees again Wait, make that phrase repeat again Killin' the loose leaf, shake these trees again Get the rake, but it ain't me leavin' 'em Vicodins, Nuprins, I bite them and chew them The whites and the blues mixed with nitrous balloons And I like to sniff gluesticks, put Ricin on toothpicks On the mic I'm just ruthless, a crisis, a nuisance Who I influence I give two shits If they wanna license my music to entice with Then use the shit like it's the blueprint for ISIS recruitment Excuse me while I stare into space for a few In a daze or haze, glazed over, crazed warped loon Mental cased off, always had a straightforward view But you bozos keep givin' the flamethrower fuel No one's ever sank lower, shrewd, and way more rude Beastmode like a lawnmower blade rolled through it And this has little to do with bein' gay, boy It's just where the wordplay's goin' But ain't much I can say or do 'Cause ain't no excuse, the way I go at you {censored} You say I'm always screwfaced So if I look your way, you're screwed 'Cause if looks could kill, I could start a hate war too 'Cause I'd murder you straight bitches by turnin' the gaze on you Let's take it back before the tightlyworn pants To the Nike, Jordan, hats The stripe Lee's, Jordache, and the white tees Lightning storms might be formed fast Such a frightening forecast But when you're slightly hoarse, rasp From the cyphering orgasp, but still reciting your raps While you're tightening your grasp around the mic 'cause you done shitted on it so much, you're always reminded of your past 'Cause your heiny's sore, that's 'Cause you still haven't finished fuckin' wiping your ass From the night before last No good, but rap somethin' I'm toogoodformyowngood at Fuck adulthood, I'm a grownup brat Where your cojones at? Mine are always being rode, in fact They're frozen, you ever seen a culdesac? So big they fell out my scrotum, I just sewed 'em back Dick so long, need a shoulderstrap For that, gotta unroll it and fold it back So difficult to wrap in the prophylactic, it overlaps it So I pack a Trojan so fat, when I lay it flat it's like a yoga mat Make a bitch think she's in aerobics class The bear you don't wanna poke is back The backbone of rap, your fuckin' lead singles are my bonus tracks When I appear, my peers stop Hearts fall in their stomach, their spirits drop Careers flop, their gears lock, severe shock Fear at the mere thought Lyrics are toptier, I'm so high at the top I'm in the sky when I talk Bitch, I'm so fly when I walk, my ears pop Oh, and I'm just playin' ladies, you know I love you You sound like a bitch, bitch Shut the fuck up When your fans become your haters You done? Fuckin' beard's weird Alright You yellin' at the mic, fuckin' weird beard (You want smoke) We doin' this once You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird Why you yell at the mic? (Illa) Rihanna just hit me on a text Last night I left hickeys on her neck Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack Realized I forgot to call you back Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap Stan, Stan, son Listen, man, Dad isn't mad But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun And have a manbun? The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze Your reply got the crowd yelling, Woo! So before you die let's see who can outpetty who With your corny lines (Slim, you're old) ow, Kelly, ooh But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you By 29, I had three albums that had blew Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food But you're a fuckin' mole hill Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo! Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (Brrt) Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (Hold up) Are you eating cereal or oatmeal? What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios? 'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material Dictionary Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago What do you know? Oops Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02 To burn it in front of you, ho Younger me? No, you the wack me, it's funny but so true I'd rather be 80yearold me than 20yearold you 'Til I'm hitting old age Still can fill a whole page with a tenyearold's rage Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow Kelly, they'll be putting your name Next to Ja, next to Benzinodie, motherfucker! Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain Alien brain, you Satanist (Yeah) My biggest flops are your greatest hits The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (The fuck?) Bein' richshamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name Now I gotta cock back, aim Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (Pop) It's your moment This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it Had to give you a career to destroy it Lethal injection Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort But if I was threefooteleven You'd look up to me, and for the record You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second Lick a ballsack to get on my channel Give your life to be as solidified This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo? Had enough of this tattedup mumble rapper How the fuck can him and I battle? He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel I'll give him my sandals 'Cause he knows, long as I'm Shady he's gon' have to live in my shadow Exhausting, letting off on my offspring Lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me! You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see You're fuckin' salty 'Cause Young Gerald's ballsdeep inside of Halsey Your red sweater, your black leather You dress better, I rap better That a death threat or a love letter? Little white toothpick Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick Thanks for dissing me Now I had an excuse on the mic to write Not Alike But really I don't care who's in the right But you're losin' the fight you picked Who else want it? Kells? Attempt fails! Budden, L's! Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah! I'm sick of you bein' wack And still usin' that mothafuckin' AutoTune So let's talk about it (Let's talk about it) I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth Need to get the cock up out it Before we can even talk about it (Talk about it) I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) Don't mean you are, and you're not about it So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it You fuckin'... oh And I'm just playin', Diddy (from Southpaw soundtrack)<span> Here to stay Even when I'm gone When I close my eyes Through the passage of time Kings never die I can hear the drummer drumming And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone, I know something's coming But I'm runnin' from it to be standing at the summit And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was Was it, too good to be true? Have nothin', get it all but too much of it Then lose it again, did I swallow hallucinogens 'Cause if not, where the hell did it go? 'Cause here I sit in Lucifer's den by the dutch oven Just choosing to sin Even if it means I'm sellin' my soul, just to be the undisputed again Do whatever I gotta do just to win 'Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head Crown around it, thorns on it Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't think I'd be back, did ya? How 'bout that, I'm somehow now back to the underdog But no matter how loud that I bark, this sport is somethin' I never bowout at I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a lovehate But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt Even when you bitches are countin' me out, and I appear to be down for the count Only time I ever been out and about Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt 'Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here but I'm not a quitter Gotta get up, give it all I got or give up Spit on, shit on, stepped on, but kept goin' I'm tryna be headstrong but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong 'Cause you're moving onto the next, but is the respect gone? 'Cause someone told me that (Kings never die) Don't give me that sob story liar, don't preach to the choir You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer Wouldn't even take shit into consideration Obliterate anyone in the way I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features and try to show out on a track with me But it'd actually have to be a fuckin' blowout to get me to retire Tell these new artists that kings never die I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page Did it just say I've been upstaged? Why am I online? It's driving me crazy I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge On what's hot, but I'm not one to conform But as days pass in this shit And opinions sway, I can hear 'em say If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous Comeback as if I went away But detractors just say so much for the renegade Someone's gonna make me blow my composure Here I go again, center stage and I feel like I'm in a cage They so want a champion to fall It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em, 'cause why can't we win 'em all? So fuck what these cynics say (It) just goes to show that when my back's against the wall And I'm under attack again, that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta With this pentup rage, 'cause all these plaques in my office On the floor stacked against the door Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again? 'Cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards And trophies just don't mean jack anymore If I'm here today and gone tomorrow And I'm not gonna be Here to stay Even when I'm gone When I close my eyes Through the passage of time Kings never die I want it, I'm comin' to get it So you son of a bitches don't duck you're gonna get Riddick Bowe'd Critics'll end up in critical, think your shit is dope all you're gonna get is smoked And I ain't stopping 'til I'm on top again All alone and on a throne, like a token of respect or a homage poem, or an ode I've been owed Tossed in the air by my own arm, and launched so hard it broke my collarbone And when it's my time to go, I'm still not leaving Stop for no one, I don't know but I've been told an obstacle that Blocks your road, knock it over, time to go for that pot of gold, 'cause They say kings never die Just ask Jam Master Jay They just grow wings and they fly So, hands up, reach for the sky Try to hold on and prolong these moments 'Cause in a blink of an eye They'll be over So you're tryna secure your legacy like Shakur And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were So before you're leavin' this Earth You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral, berserk Deacon of words, syllable genius at work Plus I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness, kill 'em with meanness I went from powdered milk and Farina To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts At Gilbert's to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas, still appeal to the dreamers I made it to the silver screen but Rocky's still what the theme is Khalil on the beat 'cause makin' the beat ain't the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is It's that Soundbombing Thirstin' Howl Common, underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz Stomach growl, throbbin' hunger, outrhymin' everyone God just give me one shot, I swear that I won't let you down I'mma be around foreverandaday, even in the ground You ain't never ever gonna hear 'em say I ain't Here to stay Even when I'm gone When I close my eyes Through the passage of time I know there's something in the wake of your smile I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah We've built a love but that love falls apart A little piece of heaven turns to dark Listen to your heart There's a certain mystique when I speak, that you notice that it's sorta unique, cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep, and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat, you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack and go to sleep, I'm strapped, just knowing any minute I could snap, I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped, I bully these rappers so bad lyrically, it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough for you to play me, it's cockamamie, you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady, my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo, I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kittenkaboodle, I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it, there's no humor in it no more, you know I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag, you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass There used to be a time when, you could just say a rhyme and Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dying But now it's elevated, cause once you put someone's kids in it The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rapping We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happening Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him And asked him not to start it, he wasn't going to go after him Until Ja started yapping in magazines how he stabbed him Fuck it, 50 smash him, mash him and let him have it Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction Some receptionist at the Source who answers phones at his desk Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record But now he's fucked the game up, cause one of the ways I came up Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothing? I remember back one year when daddy had no money Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom And at the time every house that we lived in Either kept getting broken into and robbed Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college Almost had a thousand dollars til someone broke in and stole it And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart Don't stop Don't stop Yeah, Bad and Evil is (BACK) We bout to get into a tail of gunner that details the dungeon This is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering Oh once again where I fail from blundering Shady lifted his wing than I fell from under it Now I'm freefallin' My career is gone and the weed callin' Regardless of who's fault I was bballin' God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth Marshall double backed and got me from on top of the Hearse I'm alive nigga, Justin T ain't got nothing on me Cause I done cried Mary J Blige rivers I realized that God's with us as soon as I decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges The writings on the wall since niggas seen me at the baseball game with Shady and JayZ Suddenly everybody calls Like I'm just checking on you dog While I throw up this message on the star When them bottles stop poppin' And them dollars start stopping Do what you did to get it and dont stop (dont stop) I made a promise to my momma I'mma out live her How can I be a quitter when haters dont stop (dont stop) I'm living proof nigga Its pretty safe to say God giveth and God taketh away Its the Worldwide American way I'm living proof nigga Your body language is sayin' your confidence is gone Well pick ya ass up lil homie, come on You just gone sit there and take it or make em suck it Tell em where to shove it straight up, you gon' make love to the world or you gon' fuck it? The last time the light kicked me in the ass I pulled down it's pants and put a foot up its ass Man what a catastrophy it'd be for me to be a bitch ass pussy And not open a can of whoop ass Did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day I say I aint poop Shit, the day that I dont straight shoot I'll drop out of my antiwomen hate group Say I'm a sissy faggot, record it play it back and put it on straight loop You haters look like you ate a grape fruit You see me climbing back on that wagon Got my swagga back I was dragging, hop back on it Grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em Without remorse man Man of course I'm a one trick pony Cause I'll be screaming on these whores till I'm hoarse! Nah I aint fading yet I'd rather stay and rap I mighta made a deck I find excitement in wondering what I'ma write next So I dont stay in debt Me broke You might aswell cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby With AK's with baby bayonet's I'ma get rich or I'mma die trying Thats why its either kill or be killed So call me suicide homocide Ryan Theres a bomb inside my head I'ma live wire, I am on the edge Teetering on it like I tore the iron mike Get on a nut like a tyre iron I have no desire stopping so why would I drop and roll That's how much on fire I am Rappers are fun and I'm the time cause I'm just flying by 'em Man I'm laughing at 'em the entire time, why am I up? Cause tribulations I have triumphed bitch I'm fired up So it's time for me to slit your fucking lighter, light the sky up Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity To seize everything you ever wantedOne moment Would you capture it or just let it slip? His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out He's choking now, everybody's joking now The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah! Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked He's so mad, but he won't give up that Easy, no He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes It don't matter, he's dope He knows that, but he's broke He's so stagnant that he knows When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's Back to the lab again yo This this whole rhapsody He better go capture this moment and hope it don't My God my tourniquet return to me salvation my God my tourniquet return to me salvation  The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping This world is mine for the taking Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post mortem It only grows harder, only grows hotter He blows us all over these hoes is all on him Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter Lonely roads, God only knows He's grown farther from home, he's no father He goes home and barely knows his own daughter But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product They moved on to the next schmoe who flows He nose dove and sold nada So the soap opera is told and unfolds I suppose it's old partner but the beat goes on Da da dum da dum My God my tourniquet return to me salvation my God my tourniquet return to me salvation  No more games, I'ma change what you call rage Tear this motherfucking roof off like 2 dogs caged I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage But I kept rhyming and stepwritin the next cypher Best believe somebody's paying the pied piper All the pain inside amplified by the fact That I can't get by with my 9 to 5 And I can't provide the right type of life for my family Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder Trying to feed and water my seed, plus Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a prima donna Baby mama drama's screaming on and Too much for me to wanna Stay in one spot, another day of monotony Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go I cannot grow old in Salem's lot So here I go is my shot. Feet fail me not cause maybe the only opportunity that I got My wounds cry for the grave my soul cries for deliverance will I be denied Christ tourniquet You don't see me in the hood It's cause I'm doing this man Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...) I'm still hearing those sirens, I'm still getting chased by those lights, Only the light's mine and my mic's on And my time is none because I'm writing more, And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness, I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...) and I can't let y'all derail me man,  I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...) We got them craps going on and that yak going on, soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin', It's whateva, put that on the chedda man, but in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time, chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out, this is it my nigga, this what we boast about, Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth And show me love bitch.. I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (I dont love you bitch) I wanna hold you in the morning, (Ha) hold you through the night (Hahaha) I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (We wanna love alcohol, we wanna love guns,) I wanna hold you in the morning, (we wanna love money) hold you through the night.. (Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though) There's a certain mystique when I speak, that you notice that it's sorta unique, cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep, and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat, you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack and go to sleep, I'm strapped, just knowing any minute I could snap, I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped, I bully these rappers so bad lyrically, it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough for you to play me, it's cockamamie, you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady, my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo, I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kittenkaboodle, I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it, there's no humor in it no more, you know I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag, you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass you better love me bitch I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, hold you through the night (and all the bitches say) I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, hold you through the night my boyz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name, if it ain't about the flow, it's about the stones and the chain, if I was you, I'd love me too, I roll like a bus, 911 pulse same color as cranberry sauce, I ain't gonna front, I thought RKelly was tha shit, then we find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch, niggas eatin popcorn, right, rewinding the tape, now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin rape, i'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes, I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose, (God Damn) used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet, then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats, (uhhuh) that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail, that nigga went buttass for his record to sell, my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes, and Big Ben taught Charlie Bmore to deepthroat I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, (I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies) hold you through the night(I just wanna hold you I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, (I just wanna love you) They ask me am I ok They ask me if I'm happy Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me Or am I just a little snappy And they genuinely care Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there And I continuosly stare at pictures of you I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me What the fuck good does that do me now But somehow I know you're near me in presence Oh I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little And dawg you'll never believe this But Sharonda actually talks to me now Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces Man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different If it's true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you Difficult as it sounds... I See No Man Left In Them Mirror Life Seems So Hard I Feel Just To Give Up I Just Wanna Get On With My Life But Its To Difficult I Just Spend My Day Drowning In Sorrow Alone With My Thoughts I Ain't Got Time To Borrow I Just Wanna Get On With My Life But Its To Difficult Doody, that's what we call each other I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us We was always brothers Never thought about each others' skin colours Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer It was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn Tryna walk under the trees Just to give me some comfort I'm moaning I just wanna get home When I look over and your shirt is off I'm like you gonna fry and like No I won't, I'm black stupid And black people they got melatonin In their skin, we don't burn Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt Like I'm on fire And the entire time you're just laughing at me And snapping at me with your shirt, bastard And I still have to get you back for that shit And by the way them playboy rings My mother stole from you Well Nate finally got em back Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago Well I put em in your caskahhh Moving past it, it still ain't registered yet But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget The motor city motown Hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads It don't stop there Yeah, as difficult as it sounds... I See No Man Left In Them Mirror Life Seems So Hard I Feel Just To Give Up I Just Wanna Get On With My Life But Its To Difficult I Just Spend My Day Drowning In Sorrow Alone With My Thoughts I Ain't Got Time To Borrow I Just Wanna Get On With My Life But Its To Difficult And this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it I found that jacket that you left at my wedding And I picked it up to smell it I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap We shut off all our pages All our cell numbers has changed Our twoways are in the trash So some cats will have to find a new way And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today But the truth is there all still here and you ain't Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressing on Don't ever give up the dream dawg I got love for you all And Doody, it's true you bought people together who never Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you You were the peacemaker Doody I know sometimes you were moody But you hated confrontation And truly hated the feuding But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping If it had to happen, it had to happen Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to Throw them balls back on Dresden From making cars to paintballing Getting arrested To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up Didn't show up for court So we got off on a technicality, left sweating Me, you and what's his face I forgot his fucking name Shame he even came to your funeral He betrayed our team And if I see him again I'mma punch him in the fucking face And that's on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54 Just before we were supposed to get in cars To come and see you once more Difficult as it sounds I See No Man Left In Them Mirror Life Seems So Hard I Feel Just To Give Up I Just Wanna Get On With My Life But Its To Difficult I Just Spend My Day Drowning In Sorrow Alone With My Thoughts I Ain't Got Time To Borrow I Just Wanna Get On With My Life It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second? Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uhhuh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm..) And Dr. Dre said, Slim Shady you a basehead! Uhuhhh! So why's your face red? Man you wasted! Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off! My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high The only problem was my English teacher was a guy I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup (Wsssshhhhh...) Extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians Rapin lesbians while they screamin LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS! Ninetynine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of vodka  dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhhtoo) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!) And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had Hi! My name is.. (what?) My name is.. (who?) My name is.. <i>[scratches]<i> Slim Shady Hi! My name is.. (huh?) My name is.. (what?) My name is.. <i>[scratches]<i> Slim Shady Ahem.. excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second? Hi kids! Do you like Primus? (Yeah yeah!) Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uhhuh!) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is? My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin to get my head straight but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate And Dr. Dre said, Slim Shady you a basehead! Uhuhhh! So why's your face red? Man you wasted! Well since age twelve, I've felt like a caged elf who stayed to himself, in one space, chasin his tail (blalblalblabla) Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off Kissed em and said, I ain't know silicone was 'sposed to be this soft I'm bout to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass faster than a fat man who sat down too fast C'mere lady! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!) I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off! My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Damn!) Thanks a lot.. next semester, I'll be thirtyfive I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler and told him to change the grade on the paper (Now!) Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up Served the bartender, then walked out with a tip cup Extraterrestrial, runnin over pedestrians in a spaceship while they're screamin at me LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS! Ninetynine percent of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom does more dope than I do I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her (Here mom!) You know you blew up when the women rush your stands and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!) This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) So I signed it 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!' Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE! I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide I just drank a fifth of KoolAid  dare me to drive? (Go ahead) All my life I was very deprived I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhhtoo) I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere) When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM? (WAH!) YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! (WAH!) I lay awake and strap myself in the bed Put a bulleproof vest on and tap myself in the head (BANG!) I'm steamin mad (Arrrggghhh!) And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?) Ask him if he bought a porno mag and seen my ad This motherfucker, man Just won't shut up, will you? Talking 'bout I owe him Bitch, you owe me I'm promotin' you right now Yo, let's put the nail in this coffin I don't wanna be like this I don't really wanna hurt no feelings But I'm only being real when I say Nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap (nope) And old men have heart attacks And I don't wanna be responsible for that So, put the mic down and walk away You can still have a little bit of dignity I would never claim to be no Ray Benzino An 83yearold fake Pacino So how can he hold me over some balcony without Blowing his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me? Please don't, you'll probably fall with me And our asses'll both be history But then again you'd finally get your wish 'Cause you'll be all over the street, like 50 Cent Fuckin' punk pussy! Fuck you, chump Give me a oneonone, see if I don't fuck you up Tried to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck Dick in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin' You sit behind a fuckin' desk at The Source buttkissin' And beggin' motherfuckers for guest appearances And you can't even get the clearances 'Cause real lyricists don't even respect you or take you serious It's not that we don't like you, we hate you, period Talk about a midlife crisis, damn Last week you was shakin' Obie Trice's hand Now he's a buster? What the fuck's with that? Get on a track dissin' us, kissin' 50's ass And askin' me what I know about indictments, bite me Bitch, I got two cases and probation, fight me What do I know about standin' in front of a judge like a man Ready to take whatever sentence he hands? What you know about your wife slicin' her wrists Right in front of the only thing that you have in this world A little girl? And I put that on her, when this is all over I would never try to make her a star and eat off her I don't know shit about no choppin' rocks But what you know about Hip Hop Shops rockin' spots Where you the only white boy up in that bitch just rippin'? Pressin' up your own fliers and your stickers, stickin' Them bitches up after spendin' six hours at Kinko's Just makin' copies of your covers of cassette singles To sell them out of the trunk of your Tracer Spendin' your whole paychecks at Disc Makers What you know about being bullied over half your life? Oh, that's right, you should know what that's like You're half white Vanilla Ice, spill the beans and rice I'm eatin' you alive inside, Jesus Christ If you're that much of a gangsta, put the mic down You should be out killin' motherfuckers right now Kill a motherfucker dead, kill him dead, bitch Shoot 'em in the fuckin' headâgo ahead, bitch Slap my mom! Slap the fuck out of her She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of ya 'Cause you're broke as fuck, you suck, you're a fuckin' joke If you was really sellin' coke, well, then what the fuck You stop for, dummy? If you slew some crack You'd make a lot more money than you do from rap You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous You'll never know what it's like to be rich Life's a bitch, ain't it? Raymond? Here, let me break the shit down in layman's Terms for you, just to make sure that you can understand it and Canibus ain't using too many complicated fuckin' words for you Here, let me slow it down for you So that you could understand if I say it slower Let it go, dog, it's over I don't wanna be like this I don't really wanna hurt no feelings But I'm only being real when I say Nobody wants to hear they grandfather rap (nope) And old men have heart attacks And I don't wanna be responsible for that So, put the mic down and walk away You can still have a little bit of dignity Hahaâ talking 'bout I have motherfuckers callin' your crib Bitch, you ain't even got a fuckin' crib You ain't even got a fuckin' phoneâ fuckin' bum Threatenin' to shut me down at your lil' fuckin' Source magazine, if I come back on you and attack you Bitch, you attacked me first Take it like a man, and shut the fuck up And fuck your little magazine too I don't need your little fuckin' magazine I got XXL's number anyways And y'all can't stand it, 'cause they gettin' bigger than y'all Oh, and by the way, how'd I look on the VMA's? When you was watchin' me From whatever fuckin' TV you was watchin' me from From Bostonâ the mean streets of Boston Fuckin' sissy! And you got us scared up in here, motherfucker Suck our motherfuckin' dicks Oh! And for those that don't know Yeah I'm in a different space in my life you know It's a real good space too Ayo Eminem I like this song man By the time y'all hear this, Weezy probably be home Welcome home Weezy Reek Da Villain what up Ayo Let me tell y'all niggers about one of the little tough guy dreams i had the other night Look First I stop and then I drop and then cock another heater, pop another litre from another clip He thought he was a creature that could never never ever ever ever ever ever get his shit popped off (Get his block knocked off) When a nigger come and when a nigger front, gotta give it to him good, give a nigger what he wants And if a nigger act up, shoot him in the head, in the face, in the stomach, in the foot or the heart You don't want it homie, you don't wanna start especially when mo'fucker see the gun fire spark When I got the gun up in ya mouth, I'll make a nigger gun talk  Bush Rhymes Reek (black) Imma hit him in the front homie hit him in the back Keep on hitting that nigger in the chest cavity till the motherfucker layng down flat Freeze motherfucker look Trust me Imma make a nigger sit still Anytime I gotta defend a fool nigger, it don't matter what it is, homie I will Beat a nigger til you probably can't figure it out, I identify the mo'fucker on the reel Word on everything a nigger really love, it don't matter who it is, homie I kill But now I'm finally waking up out of the dream and I realise that life is so beautiful And I ain't gotta put my hand on a nigger, unless it's definitely necessary otherwise it's unsuitable Ha, going through a lot of different little things that make a nigger want to go and wanna get and wanna bring a couple goons out to handle a couple situations and let em elimination all the bullshit so I can sing Run through every city, run through every state Though we get a lot of love, I love to get a lot of hate Though the ones who will try to hate will start to love cause it's undeniable that everything I do is great, even when I do it wrong Imma share it in a song and I'm questioning the words in the end all along I guess I gotta die first return reincarnated just to really see any other form Until that time Imma sit and shine while I sit here with the grime, give me credit when it's mine 'fore I dent it with a 9 millimeter see the sign and the heater then I'm giving all my people get in line now  Yeah For the one's that hated, tried to stop my growth from the light from a ball Imma fight homie grudge, it's a Kanye song see the way I make a mother fucker don't know love It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down But what you say, just (don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more) That's right bitch and I don't need you, don't want to see you Bitch you get (no love) You showed me nothing but hate You ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around I don't need you (don't hurt me) You (don't hurt me no more) That's right, and I don't need you, don't want to see you You get (no love) Bitch you get (no love) And I don't need you Get em I'm alive again More alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than most Shit's gonna get thick again They say the competition is stiff But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in I ain't never giving in again Caution to the wind, complete freedom Look at these rappers, how I treat them So why the fuck would I join them when I beat them They call me a freak because I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute Yeah that rap was tight But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit And start over from scratch and write new ones But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump In the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd You can see the sparks from hot metal Coldhearted from the day I Bogarted the game I so started to rock fellow When I'm not even in my harshest You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop I'm standing on my Monopoly board That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop Til my hip don't hop anymore When you so good that you can't say it Because it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore People just get sick cause you spit These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore And you can never break my stride You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow You'll never take my pride Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent Is getting no mercy, mark my words Ain't letting up, relentless I smell blood, I don't give a fuck keep giving them hell Where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now You kicked me when I was down But what you say just (don't hurt me) That's right, it (don't hurt me) I don't need ya (no more) Don't wanna see ya (no more) Bitch you get no (love) You showed me nothin' but hate You ran me into the ground But what comes around goes around (around) Don't hurt me (that's right) You don't hurt me (and I don't need ya) no more (Don't wanna see ya) no more Bitch you get no love (no), no love (no), no love (no) No love Bitch you get no love (no), no love (no), no love And I don't need ya (no more) Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas, another lone wolf gunman Sometimes I don't know what this world has come to, it's blowin' up This whole country is goin' nuts and the NRA is in our way They're responsible for this whole production, they hold the strings to control the puppets And they threaten to take away donor bucks So they know the government won't do nothin' and no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin' Their loaded weapons, they love their guns more than our children Shh, I think another one just entered in our buildin', and we'll be... Ashes blowin' in the air Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah Wasted youth, always on the road Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 'Cause the skies are black But our heart's made of gold Fuck doin' what you're told We're goin' nowhere fast I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track This road is takin' me back Down memory lane with this rap I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback I'm simply stating a fact I had Wembley Stadium packed But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast Another terrorist attacks Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up, alas We perish in the blast But that isn't scaring us, we pass Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just Ashes blowin' in the air Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah (We don't give a... no, no) Wasted youth, always on the road Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a twoyearold Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow anyways for MC's it's a funeral When I'm devisin' this rhyme, 'cause I'm awake and you're mourning That's why I rise and I shine like a new day has dawned on me Gusto, guts, bravado, nuts and plus I kick up dust And cuss a lot, I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle 'Cause some stuff that's awful, really don't mean nothin' although There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow But if at times my heart it seems Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward, but where we're goin' We have no idea, nowhere to go, but hysterical It's gettin' warm in here, I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist Just one spark and it's lit, but I'ma still get dark on this shit Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitchwar machine But you forced me in a corner, I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu, I send at you A tenton nuke like Kim JongUn and end up ruinin' your career But when all is said and done And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks, forever young Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come 'Til the pine box, bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was 'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does, but I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause This world's screwed, it's already fucked, and I'm on top, so everyone's just Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're...) Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah (We don't give a... no, no) Wasted youth, always on the road We're never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no Goin' nowhere You can't tell us nothin' Hardheaded and we're stubborn So, one ear and out the other when we're young, we're young Who knows what the future for us could hold Another shooter? Uh oh No more tomorrows, we're done And all we are is Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're...) Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah) (We don't give a... no, no) Wasted youth, always on the road Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) We're goin' nowhere Goin' nowhere No matter what people say I'm gonna keep rapping this way No matter what you may think I'm gonna keep doing my thing I'm almost as famous as fat bald men Decided to write songs to teach Musketeers to sing I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors So she gets fifty years of bad luck <i>[crash]<i> Causing terror to Christina Aguilera When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants Gotta have it, I hold Tylenol in his hands 'til it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands (So who is it?) The fool who visit the playground With two biscuits to lay down the school district Get pistol whipped with a Mauseburg With a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits If I get too rich, I just get sued Yo, I leave with no injure, after I blow four in you One handstand on top of your ninja Crash it, (ERRRR) Doc stir the madness 'til you all outta work like Tony Atlas Walking, cans in the laundry basket America's most with the army after us Fuck flossing, we take what's yours A low fifteen like a ace in four I'm outta work, but Doc laid them off (shit, the power's out) The tape is off Yo, you targeted from arsonists Papermate pens filled with arsenic I got hoes that don't know what Prada is Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss Betty you with a bloody blade I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake Fuck bitches face is what I'm gonna do 'Cause that what white boy Tano do So how is everybody doing tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight 'Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if you all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!! Yo, so how is everybody feeling tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight 'Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump... Off the Wall!! No matter what people say I'm gonna keep rapping this way No matter what you may think I'm gonna keep doing my thing Yo, you could buy Jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it Rip your lips off, kiss my ass with it Slap bitches, got Marshall Maths <i>[printing]<i> Weed, X, and the acid tabs did it I'm What's happening? with no Rerun Doc Rob Deniro when the Heat come My barrel hang out the Camaro Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from Flash the gat, your town, bogardin' Your wallet, your chain the main target Beef is like cold engine, don't start it Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you From ten speed and brown shoe Doc and Eminem, cock the M &amp M Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them It's like, Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box <i>[uh]<i> Pop junk like I just got jumped Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump Knock wood, it's all good, thank God for Vodka 'Cause with my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker Probably got a fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic With an automatic calling me up there My man Stan with a gat in his hand Staking my house out in a tan tinted Sedan He pull your mouth out 'til you can't finish a damn Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and Spam 'til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplifted a mall Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall Hey ma, maybe I'll give you a call Sike you fucking bitch, suck a dick and two balls I'm giving you all my job descript' which is to piss bitches and priest off with this Pop more pills than police officers Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls But you all can kiss my ass, pants off and all 'Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor So how is everybody feeling tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall! So how's everybody doing tonight? Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall! No matter what people say I'm gonna keep rapping this way No matter what you may think I'm gonna keep doing my thing No matter what people say I'm gonna keep doing my thing Oh no what's happening to my brain I can't believe this is happening again Lava out my lips I flips Wake up think I have a cramp I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass I think I'm out of gas, man I think I need another mask I'd ask my mother but I think she's laughing at the plants A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kamp's I think I'll eat some Ambiens like they're candied yams Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack Abrafuckingcadabra motherfucker look who's back Just like a pendulum, Satan's pentagram swings I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing Shit I think I might have did it when I was dancing While I was chopping one of my legs off and pulled a hamstring First I Reup, then I Relapse Go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc And I'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle Cause I react like the SheHulk when I see Nyquil Oh no Here we go again When it's going to end Where did it begin  Maybe way back when Into the well, baby Jessica fell She may have wetted herself Quit playing, get her some help Mary Kay Letourneau sending me letters from jail Every day in journals saying how She wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo I'm the medicine man My medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor Shove a typewriter up her Perez Hilton's ass, shit, almost forgot that He's always shoving something up his ass so why not that? And fck it while I'm venting let's shove a vending machine Up his rear end when he's bending over pretending that he Didn't say anything that would be offending to me Stick his head in a blender, begin blending in G Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair? Put him under the stairs? People are already under there Hmm, I wonder where. Wait, I think the cubpoard's bare Stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there Vicodin's like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again Who am I kidding? I couldn't quit this shit if my life depends I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then Yeah, rehab's nice, I had my name up in lights again You see that's why I can't decipher what life I'm in I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then It sounds so enticing, isn't it nice when I'm hype again? I'm nice when I'm like this, no time to write just type it in If I could get my pen to slow down, what'd I write just then? Man I'm about to hyperventilate, I just have hypertension I have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend Unusually stupid of you for you to think I'm your friend I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again Here's the story, of a little boy. Growin' up in a suburban home, Trying to cope with everyday life, Who lives in a little house, That was built, in the middle of the street. Hey, Mom! Tupac's on the juke box, so what he shot two cops, and raped a little girl, while two dudes watched, Nuhuh! They were tryin' to frame him, You wouldn't have Two Pack Shaker, No! That ain't how you say his name, mum! You're so lame, Don't you know anything? Yeah! I know that you'll probably go, and join in a gang, Yeah, right. I'm out Where's my fuckin' walkman at? Stop cussin' at me! Shut up, bitch! And quit talking black. Well, Slammed the door and I'm out, Now, what? It's probably warm in the house. Fuck, I forgot my jacket, forgot it was winter. I'm gettin' thinner, I'm hungry. Is Mom cookin' dinner? Mom! Let me back in! I forgot my coat. Mom, come on, I'm not playin', It's cold! Alright, sorry. I need a jacket, Mom, look, My Tupac tape, I just cracked it, Ma, please let me back in, It is Two Pack Shaker, I just asked him. I'm freezin', (achoo) I'm sneezin', I'm breathin' too much cold air, I'm wheezin', I ain't did nothin', I didnât say I'm leavin', I said I'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin', Alright, here. Take your damn coat and leave, Fine I'll leave! Mom! You cut off the sleeves! Our house, In the middle of the street. One, two, three, My teacher's two faced, She went to lower my school grades, Since Last Tuesday, I had a toothache, from koolaid, So Mom kicked me out, (get out) And, all i had in my suitcase, Was one shoelace, A tube sock, and a tube of toothpaste, Sometimes, It was cool, cause I could go to a friend's, Crash there, Fool around and just skip school. But other times, I'd rather just be home, In my own room alone, BEAT my shit and nobody would know, My little brother sucked on a bottle, 'Til he was six, So I'd hide it inside the couch, And say I don't know where it is, But as soon as Mom found it, I would either be grounded, or kicked out the house, a thousand weeks,. and still countin', Even when I was underage, Mom was tellin' cops, I was tryin' to run away, I told her, Someday, bitch, you're gonna pay, Please, Mom, Please, Mom, Please, Mom, I wanna stay, (let me stay) My brother's incoherint, Mom's a single parent, Who ain't carin', Starin' through me, Like I'm transparent, Made it clear, That I was just there, to run an errands, Told her friends, I was a son from her last marriage, Sent me up to the little corner store, with a little note, Please, sell my stepson, Some cigarettes so I can smoke, One time, I tried to fake sick, To get attention, Backfired, Mom, sent me to school, With a vengence, My life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me, I go to class, and every teacher's always laughin' at me, And Mom says white rappers are laughed at. Not only that, She heard me upstairs, I can't rap, and I'm stupid, I never make an average, of a B, I need to sit on my ass and sue people, Like she does, One time, I got food poison, From a hot dog, Mom sued and got $2,000, From Ballpark, Hey, Ma. You got a dollar? I don't think so. Now keep an eye on your brother, I'm goin' to bingo. But, Mom. You said you were broke. Who said? You got your ears messed up, from that damn rap music. I am phenomenal With every ounce of my blood With every breath in my lungs Won't stop until I'm phenomenal I am phenomenal However long that it takes I'll go to whatever lengths It's gonna make me a monster though I am phenomenal But I would never say, Oh, it's impossible' Cause I'm born to be phenomenal Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll Stomp you in the verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em When the going got rough Some of what I done fought through was the worst, little sissy Who the fuck taught you how to persevere? There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse Yeah, I don't try like hell, then I might as well Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself Time to slip in that zone till' I find myself Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go Into waters where nobody else has gone before Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am... I am phenomenal With every ounce of my blood With every breath in my lungs Won't stop until I'm phenomenal I am phenomenal However long that it takes I'll go to whatever lengths It's gonna make me a monster though I am phenomenal But I would never say, Oh, it's impossible' Cause I'm born to be phenomenal Let me selfempower you When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel Convert it to gunpowder too Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage Never take back what you say If you stay strapped in your brain, engaged in a steel cage match Ready to scrap asap Take your fists and just ball it Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at And set it on 'em like a placemat (I am phenomenal) And I want you to say that I am phenomenal With every ounce of my blood With every breath in my lungs Won't stop until I'm phenomenal I am phenomenal However long that it takes I'll go to whatever lengths It's gonna make me a monster though I am phenomenal But I would never say, Oh, it's impossible' Cause I'm born to be phenomenal Step into the unknown and find yourself You're floating freely, no emotion Got a fuckin' mouth with no shutoff valve Can't even cut off power to it, but it's what allowed Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground Cause I worked my butt off now It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about Cause I stuck it out Like a motherfucking tongue thats how, I responded when I got shoved around You're gonna have nonbelievers But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how Get it how you live But are you prepared to give more than you get? And put in twice what you get back from this shit Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give Rap is my shiv But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb Ready to face any challenge, waitin' Can taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation Look what I have built, reputation is validation The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement Or accusation... I am legendary status, in fact That is the only way you'll ever be able to say Your legend is makin' an allegation I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath Managed to prove who the best man is Prevail at all costs, be the only ones left standing In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage Of knowing what it's like to be southpaw Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed Cause I am I am phenomenal With every ounce of my blood With every breath in my lungs Won't stop until I'm phenomenal I am phenomenal However long that it takes I'll go to whatever lengths It's gonna make me a monster though I am phenomenal But I would never say, sOh, it's impossible' Yo.. I dedicate to this.. to yo.. To all my fans, keepin y'all in health Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin which I create, cause that's my mission So listen close, to what we say because this type of fag claims to never be gay, I.. .. knew you was jealous from the day that I met you I upset you, cause I get respect I bet you (boy) I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew (c'mon!) And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood and said, Heck, country western rap records are good!! So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (haha) Puts an album out and rules for part of the year then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year No one's tryin to hear some fuckin old fart in a chair sittin on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea Figure you can diss me to jump start your career I punch you in your fuckin chest 'til your heart kicks in gear (bitch) And fuck your underground buddy's nameless crew Like I'ma say they names so they can be famous too You just a.. quitter, and you bitter cause I came along and the days of House of Pain are gone And if you talk about my little girl in a song again I'ma kill you (I'ma kill you) Yo.. heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke to the rap you wrote, your fuckin answer back's a joke And I'ma tell these motherfuckin fans the truth The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you like I ain't notice you? BITCH, I had a show to do! Like I'm supposed to be starstruck, come over to you You better shut your fuckin mouth while you ohfortwo Back in ninetyfour Limp opened the show for you Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you Took your motherfuckin DJ and stole him too So you fall in a slump and get all emotional So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings Confused as fuck cause now your music sucks dick Mr. Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap quicker but never last, and Everlast is a.. Aight listen (look) So this is what we ask of our fans If you ever see Everlast, WHOOP HIS ASS Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, bitchslap him Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid Do it for IceT, do it just to do it, fuck it He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin! Shit in five years we'll all be Eating at Whitey's And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch, cleanin the toilets Aiyyo.. fuck this, cut this shit off Aiyyo Head, that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker! Kill Whitey!  Hahaha Kill Whitey!  Detroit! What? What? Kill Whitey!  .. yo, yo Kill Whitey!  Haha! Look First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip Whitey Ford, forty and white, lethargic ass dickhead I keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya with your three CD's, nobody sees, when they released Evidence, don't fuck around with real MC's who ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks I let you faggots know it's on for life but Everlast might die tonight, haha Fat boy murdered on wax and killed Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know! Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady Call the doctor to heal your heart They shocked you back to life at the clinic but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute Honkey, I hit 'em up! Hahaha, yo check this out You faggots ain't even on my level I'ma let D12 ride on you bitchmade ass faggots! Yo! Get out the way yo, get out the way yo Whitey Ford's heart just stopped Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are At your own restaraunt, while I'm servin ya Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops Call the cops, I'ma beat your ass while they watch Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round with some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still this ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin killed with his chest open Tryin to throw a fuckin punch, but you just chokin Havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme Talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me I'm a paleface killer whale on his way to fuckin prison, pistol whippin tail, ha Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day? That shit was obvious you probably was gay, ha Now it's all about country, you gave up hiphop Fortynine thousand copies, the week your shit drop while my sales makin records break Two and a half million scanned by the second week Motherfucker I hit 'em up! I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave., where bullets tear you in half Fuck the music, we got an uzi for all you fags Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated you violated Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you Iriscience get choked up and yoked up All you underground bitches get your throats cut What the fuck?! Is you stupid? I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin guitar cord and stuff him in cardboard, chopped up in a box with sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart D12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch Keep your restaurant locked and block your door Cause we Hit 'Em Up like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur You a, Black Jesus, heart attack seizures Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases White devil, washed up honkey Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country Yo, aiyyo cut this shit off Fuck him, that's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done, that's it I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise I just believe in kickin a man while he's down God damn! I quit Mention my daughter's name in a song again you fuckin punk Some days I just wanna up and call it quits I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits My life's like one great big ball of shit! If I could just put it all into all I spit Instead of always trying swallow it Instead of starin' at this wall and shit While I sit writer's block, sick of all this shit Can't call it shit! All I know is I'm about to hit the wall If I have to see another one of Mom's alcoholic fits This is it, last straw That's all, that's it I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic I'm like a skillet bubblin', until it filters up I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin' up Blow this building up, I've been sealed enough My cup runneth over, I done filled it up The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts! You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts Well, Imma show you what, You gon' feel my rush If you don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch Build the dutch, I'm about to tear shit up Goosebumps, Yeah Imma make your hair sit up, Yeah sit up Imma tell you who I be, Imma make you hate me, Cause you ain't me You wait, it ain't too late to finally see What you closeminded fucks were too blind to see Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee Out this world, ain't no one out their mind as me You need peace of mind? Here's a piece of mine All I need's a line, but Sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme To express how I'm really feeling at that time, Yes Sometimes, Sometimes, Sometimes It's just sometimes it's always me How dark can these hallways be The clock strikes midnight 1, 2, then half past 3 This halfassed rhyme, with this halfassed piece of paper I'm desperate at my desk If I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest, Again Stuck in this slump, Can't think of nothing Fuck, I'm stumped, Oh, Wait, Here comes something, nope! It's not good enough, scribble it out New pad, crinkle it up, and throw this shit out I'm fizzling out, thought I figured it out Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave To this Trade ? Cyanide I spit to the grave Real enough to rile you up, Want me to flip it? I can rip it any style you want. Imma switch hitter bitch Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter Imma sit here till I get enough of me to finally hit a fucking boiling point Put some oil in your joints, Flip the coin, Bitch come get destroyed An MC's worst dream, I make them tensed, they hate me See me and shake like a chainlink fence By the looks of 'em you would swear that Jaws was coming By the screams of 'em you would swear I'm sawing someone By the way they runnin', you would swear the law was coming It's now or never, and tonight it's all or nothing Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, He said he'd be back He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock Fuck this clock! Imma make them Eat this watch Don't believe me Watch! Imma win this race And Imma come back and rub my shit in your face, Bitch! I found my niche, You gon' hear my voice 'Til you're SICK of it, you ain't gonna have a choice If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung Yeah It's my life My own words I guess Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you? What happens when you become the main source of her pain? Daddy look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she? I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rockabybaby You look like you're in another world But I can read your mind How can you be so far away Lying by my side Things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be Like all these fakin' ass rappers in this industry Talkin' bout what they got, and they ain't got a damn thang How you own three cars, but you don't own ya own name? Get ya business right boys, the first class is in session Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession Start up ya own company, trademark the name That's gon' run ya bout a grand so start savin' ya change Open a bank account quick, and then follow these steps Sign yourself to yourself and start signin' ya own checks Hit the booth and start recording at the speed of need Whatever gets ya juices flowin' could be speed or weed Get it mixed and mastered, pressed up and plastered Sell it to ya whole hood out the trunk, ya bastard Show all the nonbelievers what you destined to be And in just a couple years you could be rich like me But I can't hold my tongue You look like you're in another world But I can read your mind How can you be so far away Lying by my side Money to be made best believe a nigga clockin I run it myself like a quarterback option I pitch a 10 g's tell a bitch to go shopping She buy herself some clothes, and she bought me back a chopper See niggas tryna kick it, but no I don't play sucka I'm all about my cake I'm tryna marry Betty Crocker A package on the way you know my whip game proper And enough for one key I see seventy thousand dollas Now I was shootin dice, smokin on a joint I bet with Yo Gotti, he hit five straight points We ova here hustlin, we ova here grindin You rap about money and nigga might sign ya You rap about me and a nigga might find ya Banana in ya ass with ya head right behind ya DOPE GAME BITCH let his mamma worry bout him You can holla at me for a fee You look like you're in another world But I can read your mind How can you be so far away My name is KXNG CROOKED, I snap on you rappers often When I'm spazzin' I'm just gettin' my passionate point across Like a hood cat clappin' his hands when he's talkin' Now that I got your attention, I feel I should really mention Don't come around here flossin', Big Willies, we'll Willie Lynch 'em Pull out the chopper, rappers hittin' the ground Like every bar is a bullet, when I pull it, it sound like Bbbbb a couple of bullets are comin' your way then it jam Like god damn Then I pick up somethin' quicker, start killin' everything in the vicinity The proximity, the Glocksimity, we on Yosemite Sam Bam, bam your body drop, Van Damme, karate chop The Beretta's a better competitor Pop pop turn your sweater to a crop top Killin' you and whoever in that drop top Etcetera, etcetera and it will not stop Just shoot, shoot like doot doot And beaucoup, beaucoup, I'm cuckoo I'm a star goin' to war with you clones like Count Dooku I'm worlds apart from you rappers Like I walk in the booth rockin' a biosuit made of plastic And NASA's galactic elastic travelin' through space, interstellar rapping Broadcastin' from uninhibited planets When I come back, that's it You see a flash in the sky, it's that nigga, I When I land, you wack niggas die And your casket is your last hit You wack bitch, fuckin' bastard Back to the hand clappin' You die quicker than Darren Wilson walkin' through Ferguson Dressed like the grand dragon of the Klan Passin' niggas with pants saggin' With their hand on a black Magnum To clap him backwards So their last words is kcuf meht nmad saggin That's backwards for fuck them damn niggas Buck them damn triggers Charge us, bodies fill up them damn Rivers Cause everybody wanna be the best rapper alive But I only like dead rappers Compare me to the best rappers who died And you rappers I used to look up to I gotta cancel you now Like Simon Cowell, I can't let you ex factors survive Nah, the time's right and they finally limelightin' the god of this rhyme writin' My mic can only be likened to Poseidon's trident and Zeus' lightin' strike And my metaphors are what Thor was to the Norse viking I'm a born titan and atpoint kill 'em like swordfightin' I'm slicin' organs with songwritin', I dwarf giants I hope I'm rubbin' you pussies wrong sort of like poor dykin' I smoke philosophy, I snort science That means I'm higher than higher learnin', look in my eyes That's where the fire's burnin' Try to deny music's messiah returnin' You die and you fry in my iron furnace I am on my get rich or die tryin' like when Em was signin' Curtis Cause I am murderous (Joe Budden, Jersey City, New Jersey) Now we can do this a couple of different ways, it really depends Could give them classic NY jeans over the Timbs Or I could spit about my car and how it sit on the rims I could tell you why I'm hot and disappear like MIMS But the bars there, put that on God, ask an atheist And if I ain't the bomb at least I'm in the blast radius I'm beating these kids' indictment, shit, I like the terror APB on my actions, I'm in the viking era Moment of truth, I give you facts right now Fuck this cypher, my mind ain't on rap right now So it's fuck metaphors and punches, all the witty shit Got a missing uncle and another need a kidney flip Face says I been stressed I got an aunt getting her ass kicked by MS Nigga, why am I here? For the look, for the promo Shit that bothered from the start Cause the cancer left his lungs and it's on my grandfather's heart Yeah, just not the side that the beat is on I'm supposed to put that to the side when the beat is on I'm planning the funeral, I'm getting the hearse ready These niggas only wanna ask me if the verse is ready Not a how do I feel, not a how do I deal If that's the life, nigga, then how is it real? These last couple of days I've been speaking to my peers Giving them cries for help, I guess they need to see the tears But wait, wildest part of all of that is They'll shoot a suicidal rapper right here on the bridge But fuck it, gotta pardon 'em, shout out to my squad and 'em House Gang, Shady, I'm gone, nigga, my job is done Yelawolf, Gadsden, Alabama My name is Wayne, I'm from Alabama Here's the back story I just fell off the turnip truck with Ernest Tubb I'm 33, I've got 3 kids and I just popped 3 pills I don't know which one's which or what it's for Safety ain't really a habit I've formed I still smoke to the cigarette butt I still drink till I end up being that klutz Clumsy, selfdestructive dummy Stumbling over my words, mumbling I'll probably do it tonight Leave the bar, leave the car And pass out like a fetus in a jar with my feet up to the stars And dream about that light that leads up to the lord I have nightmares about my momma getting beat up in the yard Wake up feeling like half a human Hit the studio and unleash this guilt and regret For my lack of union between rap, you and the rock and roll community For unity between country music and MCs, I'm claiming immunity Still I'm working, sawing, milling this tree Building this house exactly the way Charlemagne the god and Lord Jamar thought it would be Wait a minute... the lord and the god hate me Jesus Christ, I am the white devil! Nah... I'm still working, sawing, milling this tree Building this house exactly the way I thought it should be Wanna take a tour? Let's see I've got floortoceiling windows and a cabinstyle mansion Bucks, bears, trucks, boats, tires, spares, fourwheelers Threewheelers, twowheelers, a drug dealer on call Plaques on the wall, racks on the wall for my guns on the wall Lift kits, low riders, chop shops, hi tops, low tops, cowboy boots Dixie flags, American flags, Slumerican tags on my Slumerican ass CEO I've got my name on the bathrobe, and the flame on the back porch is lit Guess who's coming to dinner? AndrÃ 3000 and Hank the Third, go figure I've got two standup jetskis, a top pedigree horse, just to pet and feed of course Who rides a horse in Nashville? I might I've got bicycles for the kids, tricycles for the babies M80s, bottle rockets, bottles in my pocket Moonshine, gold watches, gold rings All fake, no bling, don't hate, that's my thing I've got new clothes, old clothes, vintage, tremendous, endless style Goodwill loves me Macklemore than you I've got flat screen TVs, with skate videos on repeat All the latest CDs, mp3s, and Beats by Dre Thank you very much, Jimmy Iovine for the check I've got a black woman fine as she can be FeFe with a ring on her finger that could give sight to the blind A 5, a 10, a couple hundreds layin' on the counter I don't know where that came from I got artwork from hard work, yardworkers for yard work Don't look under the tarp, sir I'm growin' weed for my mama there I've got a paved driveway and photos in the hallway of me on my Harley And I did it my way See, hip hop is what you make of it And I'm makin' a lot of it See that's a quadruple entendre, Jay Z eat your heart out But these cyphers, I treat 'em like a war, don't want no mediators Nah, this that grow up in the P's behavior, next door to the greasy neighbors People thank you, I do this for all the mean creators I was someone who never needed favors to get where I'm at Now they deem me a savior But to be honest I ain't feelin' like that, man I just really like rap Y'all lucky, trust me I'm opposite the hands of Sandusky With the shit that my pen state, these rappers can't touch me Ugly? Shit, you serious? I'm hideous I was better than all you silly kids while trying to figure out who I really is As a younger dude, life was somethin' rude I barely made it to the first like a Cutler move No rubber groove on my shoes had to fight, so suspensions I had 3 in one week, yeah that was public school Did I say 3 in 1? That's funny cause there's 4 of us in the Slaughter That's a 3 and 1, I learned that in public school too Like what's in between a 3 and 1 and House Gang, I spoke to all 3 on 1 call Like I dropped 2 albums and #3 is 1 second from bein' done Just need y'all 3 to send me 1 verse apiece For this Heatmakerz beat and Brother's Keeper 1 Simple mathematics, I'm addin' up to all these rap addicts I don't like to divide dough so I multiply flow And subtract maggots Like a brand new Craftmatic, boy I'm back at it Smokin' these new boys like my last habit Dabnabbit I tried to quit but everything I kick's like the last dragon Hoes suckin' my drummer dick, they on my bandwagon I just gotta laugh cause y'all pushin' a lot of swag I'm pushin' this big ole Hearse, don't get body bagged These new rappers be askin' me Why I don't be hangin' out where they be hangin' out I tell 'em, I say Lil nigga listen here If I don't got no business there, I don't got no business there See there's a difference here You hustlin' so you can be seen Nigga I'm grindin' so I can disappear I don't do it like other rappers do When it's on time, it's skull and bone signs at the stu We got guns you only find on your cheat code screen If you think I remind you of any of these niggas you wildin' out Like Chico Bean When there's drama I don't ask no questions, I just clap in that direction I look at this gat like it's an actual accessory I'm antisocial so relax when you step to me Nigga I shoot the breeze with actual weaponry Your lil' stare downs won't fare well I got a pale conscience, I'm the grey area Last person I had a bond with was a bail bondsman Now imagine me hangin' with y'all and we rappin' on the same song Nigga I'd rather juggle a couple of chainsaws Or run through hell with a pair of gasoline Hanes on I'm a star but not on some I wanna be a star kinda shit The only celebrity that give a fuck less than me is Marshawn Lynch Glock in the stash as a backup but the MAC'll burst Cripple your style, your first born child'll come out With a colostomy bag as the afterbirth I don't give a fuck Nigga I'll show up to Beyonce's show posin' as Jay Z Stagger in your studio session with a bomb strapped to my chest Lookin' like Omarion holdin' his baby Jump in the 4 door Mercedes with a .44 listenin' to JoJo and KCi Drinkin' and sniffin' enough blow that it got me thinkin' I can exchange sicknesses Maybe, this ebola for rabies That's it, just livin' the rapper life Banana clip in the air, lookin' like it's 'bout to start singin' it's MAC tonight MACs, I use this MAC as a component for thugs rollin' up I got this MAC on and you better stay in that corner Cause shit can turn into that song except I don't give a fuck what day it is I'll have this club goin' up, fuck with me Mack magnet, attractin' enormous green Slap this clip in this gat then call this arm Christy Mack Cause this bitch is that war machine Life of a giant, but who needs size when you're wack and your team's soft Drag your girl down this hill 'til she admits that it feels like she's jackin' the beanstalk We both got marketing plans Yours is to sell records and try to net more than you gross before Mine is to punch you in your face if you ever disrespect me And then go invest into a grocery store Rolled up with the Smith &amp Wesson and drew on you like let's fight now I do numbers, I turn you and your crew into two plumbers Translation, get your shit together and pipe down Fuck a mic, I don't write, I chew and spit I'll shoot you and your sis if you insist I got my eyes on the sparrow Silencer's so big it look like I got Bobby Shmurda tied to the front of the barrel And he doin' this (My name is Marshall I'm repping that motherfucking Motor City, bitch) I just turned Slaughterhouse to a quintet Began to trendset, murdered a friend's pet Made shit as ill as it can get went in depth Like a fucking vignette and two bars skins wet I'm already covered in sweat and I wasn't even ready to come in yet AHH, let me set this drink down Beat up a gal, start beef with her pal Probably be wild 'til I'm wrinkled and senile And Rap God was a freestyle Off the top of the dome piece while I was sleep on the couch And I'm freestyling now I need a towel, sweat leaks from my brow It's burning my eyes, my cerebral is foul Cause shit I'm thinking about should be illegal I need my head banned like the guy who left Cleveland Ohio And went to South Beach with his talents Scream fuck you on the way out and wink with a smile This whole game can eat a dick, I'm going back deep underground But right now I'm back on that bullshit and you I'm singling out Cause you're so fucking outdated you should mingle a while What the fuck is this Klusterfuk of busters Bunch of Buster Douglas', motherfuckers is one hit wonders One swing and you're crowned Knocked one out the park, one catchy jingle and now You think you fucking with me cause you sold like 300 thou Bitch, I can jump without my feet ever leaving the ground Reach up, swing from a cloud with 3 thousand people around Evil and vile enough to leap in the crowd And heave a child in a sink hole on Cinco De Mayo When I'm sprinkled in pico de gallo Mardi Gras beads in a towel I just made that up I don't know much Spanish, I'm not bilingual But I'll show you a Mexican stand off Between just these two amigos Cause neither really wants to say what we're thinking out loud But I sure as fuck think I know how read body English, no doubt Cause we're trying to kill each other, but lyrically The fuck is humility? What is a real emcee? Royce, he came up in the shit with me Never spit that hustler shit, it wasn't a fit for me Let them adjust 'til they just get the gist of me Just not giving a fuck and plus with the history Of muscular distrophy, it wasn't a mystery Why this middle finger was stuck in this upward positioning So what in the fuck is a list to me? I'm used to not being on it, I expect it out 'em Heck wit' em, I get my respect without 'em Ain't really been into diamonds since I put my first record out But I could put a chain around my second album And wear it as a neck medallion Became a millionaire, went downhill from there Became civil, office swivel chair, sterling silverware Screaming life is still unfair til I get a real career The fuck am I gonna do until then? This job is too fulfilling Two gajillion pairs of super villain shoes to fill in And a mood to kill till I plow my Coupe de Ville Into some children at the food pavilion and BuildABear Warrior's mind, Iâm prohydrocodone euphoria In the Drug Emporium line, I'm soaring I'm pouring Vicodin four at the time ignoring the warning signs on 'em fore I go four wheeler riding Gory and violent and horrifying You surely won't find no one more appalling Than I am with this retaliatorial rhyming for Gloria Steinem But I finger her like a witness, show me a lineup I usually am abusive, but excuse me, ma'am I guess I must've threw you for a loop like Toucan Sam When I said I could use the sample cause you's a tramp But look how you react to this trigger like When I call you a bigger dyke than the Hoover Dam You're playing right in Lex Luthor's hand It's such a ruthless plan, might even lose a fan But fuck it, Superman wouldn't change in a phone booth for Stan I'm a brand new being like Grand Puba's band Happy as Anderson Cooper having a tuba crammed In his pooper with lubricant...wait, that's too... I can't Since honesty is the best policy I'll give you the old college try Try to acknowledge my mistakes, probably won't qualify As a gentleman and a scholar, but it's time that I swallow pride And say that I'm sorry, sorry I can't apologize I think of all them times I compromised my bottom lines And thought of rhymes that sodomized your daughter's minds Then I'm like dollar signs But I may fight for gay rights especially if they dyke Is more of a knockout than Janay Rice Play nice, bitch, I'll punch Lana Del Rey right In the face twice like Ray Rice in broad daylight In plain sight of the elevator surveillance Til her head is banged on the railing Then celebrate with the Ravens Never date an assailant who selfmedicates with inhalants I'd meditate, but I may need a better way to escape The aggression, rage and the anger Cause they restraints on the ankles Heavyweights and an anchor with handcuffs in chains This ain't enough to contain it But I still get the same respect as Jay if I came on Stage in a fucking negligÃe everyday and Liz Claiborne Devastated from breakup with Kate Hudson Wait slut, your friends, what are they gonna say Cause makeup ain't gonna cover That eye that's seveneighths of the way shut Peppersprayed with your face cut Made my bank like a lay up Off these effing skanks on the way up Oh, bitch thinks she's heavensent It's evident that she ain't never been with seven inches Yes, I said seven, I measured it Seven inches from the floor While I'm standing on the fourth floor balcony At the Sheradon when I'm stretching it Bitch, I'm a pimp so a limp dick is all you'll ever get So if she's hesitant to get the hint I'll bet you that I get the message sent who she's messing with Hella quick when I tell a chick not to ever use sex as a weapon When I step in and beat the wretched wench with a crescent wrench Existential detriments to a lesbian devil In the unpleasant stench of an estrogen level That separatists like a Chechnian rebel Impressionist with a pencil A pessimist, with his lips pressed against The edge of this Red Bull Pedal to the metal I'm rippin' this shit cause right away I'll give it to a bitch like a pedestrian, deadly as ever You see what kind of effects she has on the opposite sex when I push her flexible little sexy ass through a plate of plexiglass SHADYXV as perplexing as The last fifteen years and I'm predicting my next relapse When I spit these lyrics so don't look at me weird When I start shifting gears and shit resmears all over Britney Spears And these little Disney queers Who use chicks for beards? Just made that up too... Oh and the Shady 2.0 We wrote it in roman numerals like they do for the Super Bowls Cause it's supposed to confuse you hoes The flows lose you as usual, so juvenile 2 year old when I go to the studio It's only music but don't be foolish though You don't know me through it ho but you can blow me to it though In my homie's Buick Been known to lose it though so if I overdo it you drove me to it When I step in the vocal booth like I'm supposed to do And I murder you on a fuckin' track like Tony Stewart In one take, if I fuck up and I don't redo it You couldn't sound grown on a beat if you were moaning to it The day I don't say fuck you (w)all, you can throw me through it Rootinesttootinest, shootin' this from the hip With the sentiments, Eminem isn't penning them for the women I'm an enemy to them and the epitome of an inconsiderate idiot But they consider me equivalent to chlamydia They tryna get rid of me gadzooks But I stiggity stand for the fliggity flag Of the United States and the freedom, I distribute these raps through And if I catch you doing anything Hindering or prohibiting that after I give me that Tattoo of your lips on my ass I'mma be literally Pickin' up and deliberately whippin' the Statue of Liberty at you WOOOOH! Fuck it Can you fly? I can. Wanna see?  So let me entertain you...  So children follow my lead and feel the vibe, cause  But I'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then, cause  I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but  SLIM! HI MY NAME IS... ...Bitch you make me hurl.  They call me superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now I'd never let another chick bring me down, in a relationship Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, I tell a muthafuckin' slut, to her face Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask Kiss my dick, get my cash, I'd rather have you whip my ass Don't put out, I'll put you out, won't get out, I'll push you out Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out Am I too nice, buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life What you tryin' to be my new wife, what you Mariah, fly through twice... But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) Can't be your Superman  Can't be your Superman (Cry me a Riverer) Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) Can't be your Superman Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a Riverer, yeah, yeah) Don't get me wrong, I love these ho's It's no secret, everybody knows Yeah we fucked, bitch so what, that's about as far as your buddy goes We'll be friends, I'll call you again, I'll chase you around every bar you attend Never know what kind of car I'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then You don't want that, neither do I, I don't want to flip when I see you with guys Too much pride, between you and I Not a jealous man, but females lie But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you... But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a Riverer) I think I love you baby, I think I love you too (Cry me a River) I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a Riverer) I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby, you know I want you too (Cry me a River) They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a Riverer) I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River) Ooooh boy you drive me crazy, bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a Riverer, yeah, yeah) First thing you say, I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day I don't see what the big deal is anyways You're just plain old Marshall to me Ooh ya' girl run that game Hallie Jade, I love that name, love that tattoo, what's that say? Rot in pieces, uh, that's great. First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial That's ammo for my arsenal, I'll slap you off that barstool There goes another lawsuit, leave handprints all across you Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands Put anthrax on a tampax, and slap you till you can't stand Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans... But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a Riverer) I think I love you baby, I think I love you too (Cry me a River) I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a Riverer) I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl You know you want me baby, you know I want you too(Cry me a River) They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a Riverer) I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River) Ooooh boy you drive me crazy, bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a Riverer, yeah, yeah) Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) Can't be your Superman  Can't be your Superman (Cry me a Riverer) Can't be your Superman I can't be your Superman Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) Can't be your Superman Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a Riverer, yeah, yeah) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river (Cry me, cry me) Let's take them back to the future (bars) Bars, like Paul Rosenberg The small frozen turd (don't censor me man) Alright look, I had class, I just got expelled I excelled at nothing in school So if you're tryna test my patience it just failed But King Mathers, I still get hailed So call me sire, like I exhaled After I had a deep ass breath held I guess well, that'll make my size double XL So kiss your highness's hinded ass While I'm trying to stretch, it's time to exercise I'm flexing, isometrics Twice the reps 'til I get extrasized And set my bis and pecs and triceps on fire Cause I'm coming out guns blazing Like flaming pythons, my suggestion is parental discretion Be advised, due to this mental aggression We advise you to back up, like Byron Leftwich I'm infectious, I rhyme like I got a sinus infection A virus, I'm congested and I just ingested Five Allegras but the side effects from these antidepressants, they're tryna mess with my mind I'm a regular Hyde and Jekyll White with freckles but I silence hecklers You might wanna head for the fire exits I'm coming through like a wrecking ball You would swear I think highly of Miley And I respect her, the way I backhand her Excuse my French, Montana, but I am worried about nutting God damn it, I'm a sexist, I drive a Lexus Textses out of her mind, and I'm in Texas With a chainsaw, wait, what did I forget this Time, oh, my machetes getting upset, he said He was ready for me to come get him from inside the shed It was time, he's restless He wants to make blood shed like a storage unit But before I do it, let me think this through Cause if I behead this bitch then I'd be headless Mic check, one, two I ain't barely check the mic just yet And I just sweared like twice as many times In less than ninety seconds Than Andrew fucking Dice ever did in his fucking life But I guess I'm expected to make these kinds of violent records It's why I keep rhyming reckless Fuck it, I swear, like a diamond necklace Since freestyling over phone tap, my line's connected With rhymes that kept in touch with the fans, that's why the more bars, the better my reception And I give a fuck about sales, and fuck pop, I don't even like refreshments Cindy Crawford tryna fend me off with a bendy straw At the waffle house, awful mouth But if you don't like what I'm talking about then block me out Just then Foxy Brown, walks up and knocks me down Kicks me and socks me, ow Apparently still mad over what I said last year On that Vegas track, I just look stupid and stand there And try to act like I can't hear What? Sorry dear, but I think Pam Grier just stuck a tampon in my damn ear That's when my man Denaun Porter ran behind me to pantomime That if you wanna kick his ass, stand in line Hands inside my pants as I fantasize taking advantage Of Brandy and Janet by grabbing my Spanish Fly Like a blind Hispanic guy with his zipper stuck Give a fuck, it's all part of my grand design To get Amanda Bynes to come and fucking blow me like a dandelion Better watch your step, you 'bout to cross an outlandish mine I'm what you get if Aaron Hernandez rhymed So stand aside unless you plan to find out how handy I am with a branding iron Fuck talking clear so you all can hear I'd rather rap like a fucking auctioneer Fuck around and walk from here to the Southpaw premier Get on Paul's back, rapping Paul Revere So call me queer, cause I'm always weird So praise a Genius, hope this don't get taken out of text But Hillary, I promise to wipe my server clean if you face subpoenas Got a name that speaks for itself like Anthony Weiner Hands in between my pants in a theater, jacking my meat A fan of Trina, Angelina, and Christina and Serena and Selena Scarlett Johansson, Tiffani Amber Thiessen Give me a damn good reason and not wanna slip an Ambien in the Cappuccino And try to have a 3sum with Janet Reno I'm fucked worse than Donald Trump On Lexapro in Mexico across from a Texaco in McDonald's drunk Broke and out of gas, busted water pump Getting fondled up by Ronald, feeling him on his rump Oh yeah, and me and Alyssa Milano hump We do Bringing the horror to emcees like the aura of the Run DMC fedora Addidas and Diadoras but I need at least three to four of those Rita Oras In a four seater Taurus but tell them my face is the best seat in the house I'll let them bleed in my mouth while I'm eating them out (that's disgusting, ow Jesus) Heat seeking missile, duck, demented, sick, hate and see who gives a fuck I invented prick, and that's a true statement, I see the bitch in you Caitlyn I keep the pistol tucked like Bruce Jenner's dick No disrespect though, not at all, no pun intended, that took a lot of balls (ay God damn) Oh and Azealia Banks just wanna tell you thanks Now I got trailer skanks sending me ballpark franks in the mail as pranks And hot pockets, thanks a lot Awful, I made monopoly off misogyny Sodomy, how many chocolatey jello pops can he possibly lace, walking atrocity No wonder you scoff at me, it's still obvious I'm as offputting as Bill Cosby is Treat women like property, possessive like a noun with an apostrophe S's, I'd probably stalk broccoli, yes it's Socrates with a block of cheese and a dollar stuck in this soda pop machine Got emcees dropping to knees, copping a plea bargain They keep sobbing, like, please stop it Aftermath, bitch, still Detoxing Looking for us? We over here With a garbage bag that's full of clothes Mom I'm coming home to you Cause I'm back in the 810 now It's not about lyrics anymore, it's about a hot beat and a catchy hook If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it Then so be it .Cause nowadays these kids, jeez Don't give a shit about lyrics All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it Long as they can go to the club and get blitz Pick up some chicks and get some digits And the DJ's playing them hits Oh, this my jam, this my shit We don't know a word to a verse, All we know is the chorus 'Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us And the songs ginormous, the whole formula's switched 'Cause we don't know anymore, what are hits Is it the beat, is it the rap? Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap? And how do we adapt and get TRL votes When 13 year olds control the remote And Ashley's got a brand new nose We gotta put some new emphasis on our syllables If the emphasis on the compact disc isn't the beat Than I'm gonna feature EM and get rich And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro 'Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow Bang bang look at the way my chain glow The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough, oh The fuck am I busting my brain for? It's just the way the game go, oh, it takes 2 to tango You call this a lame flow You bought the shit I guess you to blame too I just found the angle No more reality flow I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show Cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97 And call my publicist, tell her, We're in press heaven No one gives a shit except some kids who just got into sex on the Internet So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu, Em? Your emphasis is on the wrong syllable They said 30's the new 20 Funny, must mean 40's the new 30 Interesting 'cause ever since then it's been innocence An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half Of the shit coming out right now It's all trash The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed Jay said it's his last and 50 and Em Then what? Detox drops what we got then So now our whole camps is running around scrambling over what to do Gambling everytime we put a record out Just looking for that hook (Wait, Dre, look) Shorty I love you And you love me too We were meant to be 'cause shorty You love me And I love you too And I promise I'll be true to you Go shorty, it's your birthday You made it just in time to hear my wordplay It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's And run G for days used to see how I get hoes I'm international, I get my dick licked round the globe I'm sick right into shows, riding on lolo's Puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo's Don't fuck with the dodo's, that's slang for dumb hoes I playing, I ain't got time to joke, joke You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked lock, It's not a game, me B, I ain't playing Beat behind me playing, so you ain't hear anyway You don't hear what I'm saying Me finninina Feefididideeyay Just give me my check and I'll be on my way Sunny bunny money and funny You ain't even listening and I just took your money There once was a time everywhere he turned Shady aftermath was all you heard But they say 50 sang too much And Em got soft And they say Dre just fell the fuck off Well, fuck the Fuck offs All y'all eat salt, be mad, we bad fresh up outta the vault, oh! New syllables eat ball, you fucks off's Your house, your bitch I'm getting sucked off East, south, midwest, even up north Falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost Catch me if you can, I'm running past while y'all walk Shady made me for bringing it back For the history of rap It's gone with a snap, a sneer and a clap What happened to just spitting about living in the motherfucking city you at In the grimiest condition, I breath in drama King Mathers and Cash me, that's freak karma I'm everything, anything, you could never be It's a hitting, rhyme in the month deep I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind I repeat every evil deed done of mine No rest contest, contract to sign By blood I'm in this squad for life Hear out my wind pipes and I just chime I'm the reason you guys won't say that line I'm crazy renegade like Em and JayZ I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me Shorty I love you And you love me too We were meant to be cause shorty You love me And I love you too And I promise I'll be true to you It is not about lyrics anymore, It is not about lyrics anymore It's about a hot beat, a hot beat It's about a hot beat, a hot beat A hot, hot, hot beat And a catchy hook A hot, hot, hot beat And a catchy hook Nobody gives a damn about them syllables, sillyleables, whatever they are I don't care if you gotta rhyme smo, joe, toe and glow Don't ask me what's up with the hoes I'm still working the kinks out Love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin' out And I ain't chillin now I got an Oscar, I'm still a grouch I use it as a doorstop, and the prop For the broken leg for the couch Yelawolf, Shady, Tony, touch Slaughterhouse Yeah the swat team bout to break them flyswatters out Go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out Nice try, shorty what? We can window shop The jewelry store But Christ, for that price coulda bought a house Besides only thing I ever had iced out was my heart since I started out It's F.Y.I if ya ain't knowing What go with you? Where? Nah ain't going. Oh wait, you want a date oh? Well in that case ho it's June 8 oh Kinda like Beethoven composin' a symphony of hate So much hate woved into these raps Shit I'm beginning to hate clothing I hate overalls because they remind me of hoes For christ sake they're shaped like a H woah, and You know what else starts with H, though? Hockey, shit thought I had the place flowing I hate to put you on ice but You already had 3 periods in 60 minutes, great going Plus you remind me of cocaine ho You always in the mirror with your face off I feel an urge to put you all in a line And chop you with a razor blade, yo wait I'm an ahole, devil with a Halo Hell yeah I nailed JLo, to the railroad Say I won't, better hope you can stay afloat When I take the wind out your sail boat I ain't playing yo! Go for Shady don't kid yourself Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches knew as soon as they saw me It's never me to get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado Now I never know where I'm gonna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and it's all she wrote You're staring straight into a barrel of hate terrible fate Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape Cupid shot his arrow and missed Wait Sarah you're late, your train left Mascara and eggs smeared on your face Night's over goodbye, hoe I thought that I told you that spilled nut ain't nothing to cry over Never shoulda came within range of my Rover Shoulda known I was trouble soon as I rolled up Any chick who's dumb enough after I blindfold her To still come back to the crib Must want me to mess with her mind Hold up She mistook me for some high roller Well I won't buy her soda unless it's Rock &amp Rye Cola (Faygo's cheaper) Buy you a bag of Fritos I wouldn't let you eat the fucking chip on my shoulder If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dyedie for you Tryna pull 5 bucks from me is like tryna pull 5 molars You get your eyes swoll' up I'm on my straight grizzly So why would I buy you a gayass teddy bear, bitch, you're already bipolar Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches knew as soon as they saw me It's never me to get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado Now I never know where I'm gonna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and it's all she wrote TIP told me on this hoe tip Best tip I could give you to hip you Is never to let these tricks trick you Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love you slut, shit Dig you ho Take the shovel and dig you some dignity bitch Shit you talk about some advice that sticks with you If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns Like double stick, it's you, but fuck it TIP, it's cool I'm chilling like a villain Like the penguin in its fucking igloo eating fudgesicles I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you 'Fore I tie a fucking knot I'd tie you in one bitch You think this is some Nintendo game how fucking dumb is you I'll give you some lumps before I split some lump sums with you So here's a penny for your thoughts but it won't buy you a cheeseburger But a nickel might just get you one pickle Fuck it, it's official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue There's a bombshell, scud missile Like I just cuss at you to fucking cuss at you Like before I rapped I was a motherfucking stud Slut, this'll teach you not to come drunk, stumbling my way for shizzle I still live like I budget a Gilbert's Lodge check stub, bizzle So fuck sizzler. This check is a bust like a blood blister Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches knew as soon as they saw me It's never me to get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado Now I never know where I'm gonna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and it's all she wrote Yeah I guess life is a bitch ain't it TIP And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief I'm giving these hoes a dose of their own medicine Let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now But in case you didn't, Iâll stick this whole pad full of sticky notes to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wasting it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker That clock I'm racing it Double timing it, but I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time That it may take you pricks to catch on While you strong arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say Kmart's like there's an apostrophe S on it dog And they say McDonald's isn't a restaurant well I guess I'm wrong But if you gonna tell me that A&ampW ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the F on dawg Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches knew as soon as they saw me It's never me to get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado Now I never know where I'm gonna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and it's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote I said it's over and that's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote Goodnight, it's over How the fuck he got an Oscar? Passed out in his red Mazda With his fucking head in his pasta In the parking lot of kmart plaza Across from the red lobster Looking like the Lochness monster Dressed like a crossdressed mobster Talk is cheap it costs less to gossip Iâd probably be a lot less Hostile if you snots kept your shnozzes out the airholes Or get fucked in all seven holes Ass, mouth, pussy, yeah both ears and hah! yes nostrils At the ozzfest with nas bumping das efx in wrecked up Datsun And dropped two extra strength Watson vicodin out my pocket They cost less I'm a hot mess cause I tripped and got my head stuck In a waspâs nest in the process awesome Drunk as fuck One sock pulling my boxers up with boxing gloves But I keep dropping my fucking binoculars Got two fucking hydroxycuts and four oxy's stuck in my esophagus These three lesbian little stocky sluts Thought I swallowed two hockey pucks Started screamin' Serves you right you cocky fuck! That's what you get for mockin' us Ain't as cool as you thought you was. Bitch all I did when I walked up was have my dick in a sock And it's a sock puppet so no strings attached you can all suck it (Chickuh) get it? Ah fuck it Shits about to get hairy as motherfucking Chewbacca's nuts It's all bad now, man, it's all bad It's all fucked up now Yeah. Haha. New shit. Hey yo. I just want the whole world to know that I did not start this, but I will finish it Coming up It never mattered what color you was If you could spit then you could spit, That's it, that's what it was back When motherfuckers was straight backpacking Cyphering, fighting for life in this rap For the mic to get passed And you psyched and you gassed And you hype 'cause you last And you might whoop some ass If you lost then you lost Shake hands like a man And you swallowed it, When the Unsigned Hype column In The Source was like Our only source of light When the mics used to mean something, A four was like you were the shit, Now it's like the least you get Three and a half now just means you're a piece of shit Four and a half or five means you're Biggie, Jigga, Nas, or Benzino. Shit, I don't even think you realize You're playing with motherfuckers' lives, I done watched Dre get fucked on The Chronic, Probably 'cause I was on it Now you fucked me outta my mics twice I let it slide I said I wouldn't hold my fucking breath to get a five Shit I was right, I'd've fucking died already trying I swear to God I never lie I bet that's why You let that bitch give me that bullshit review I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit we knew You'd probably try to fuck us with Obie and 50 too Fuck a relationship. We're through No more Source with street cred, Them days is dead Ray's got AKs to Dave Mays's head Every issue there's an eight page Made Men spread Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head That I am not afraid of this fucking waste of lead On my pencil, For me to write some shit this simple So listen closely, As I break it down and proceed This old G's 'bout to get smoked like rolled weed You don't know me or my motherfucking mother, you motherfucking punk Put me on your fuckin' cover just to sell your little sellout mag I ain't mad I feel bad, Here's an ad, Here's a poster of RayRay and his dad You wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about? Yeah Let's talk about how you're putting your own son out there To try to eat off him 'cause you missed your boat You're never gonna blow, bitch You're just too old No wonder you're sore now Lordy you're bored now I'm pushing thirty You're kicking forty's door down Bitch, this is war now, And you'll never beat me All you do is cheat me Out of Quotables But you know that you'll always see me On your TV 'Cause you gotta stay up 'til three in the morning To see your video played once on BET So heeheehee who has the last laugh? Aftermath yeah so on behalf of our whole staff Kiss our asshole cracks We'll never fold or hold back Just know that Benzino's wack No matter how many times I say his name, He'll never blow jack You're better off trying to bring RSO back Look at your track record that's how far it goes back It's extortion, And Ray owns a portion So half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from Boston Bullying and bossing, Dave like a slave They've completely brainwashed him And forced him to stay locked in his own office Afraid of the softest fakest wannabe gangster in New York And it's pitiful, 'Cause I would have never said shit If you'd have kept your mouth shut Bitch, now what? Hit it, Clue. Spit it, Slay. New shit, exclusive, Yo Lantern, yo Whoo Kid You know what to do with this use it I'm through, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this Bullshit to do this... And who you're calling a bitch, bitch? It's the calm before the storm right here Wait, how was I gonna start this off? I forgot oh, yeah That's an awfully hot coffee pot Should I drop it on Donald Trump? Prob'ly not But that's all I got 'til I come up with a solid plot Got a plan and now I gotta hatch it Like a damn Apache with a tomahawk I'ma walk inside a mosque on Ramadan And say a prayer that every time Melania talks She gets a mouahh, I'ma stop But we better give Obama props 'Cause what we got in office now's a kamikaze That'll prob'ly cause a nuclear holocaust And while the drama pops And he waits for shit to quiet down he'll just gas his plane up and fly around 'til the bombing stops Intensities heightened, tensions are risin' Trump, when it comes to giving a shit, you're stingy as I am Except when it comes to having the balls to go against me, you hide 'em 'Cause you don't got the fucking nuts like an empty asylum Racism's the only thing he's fantastic for 'Cause that's how he gets his fucking rocks off and he's orange Yeah, sick tan That's why he wants us to disband 'Cause he can not withstand The fact we're not afraid of Trump Fuck walkin' on egg shells, I came to stomp That's why he keeps screamin', Drain the swamp! 'Cause he's in quicksand It's like we take a step forwards then backwards But this is his form of distraction Plus, he gets an enormous reaction When he attacks the NFL so we focus on that in stead of talking Puerto Rico or gun reform for Nevada All these horrible tragedies and he's bored and would rather Cause a Twitter storm with the Packers Then says he wants to lower our taxes Then who's gonna pay for his extravagant trips Back and forth with his fam to his golf resorts and his mansions? Same shit that he tormented Hillary for and he slandered Then does it more From his endorsement of Bannon Support for the Klansmen Tiki torches in hand for the soldier that's black And comes home from Iraq And is still told to go back to Africa Fork and a dagger in this racist 94yearold grandpa Who keeps ignoring our past historical, deplorable factors Now if you're a black athlete, you're a spoiled little brat for Tryna use your platform or your stature To try to give those a voice who don't have one He says, You're spittin' in the face of vets who fought for us, you bastards! Unless you're a POW who's tortured and battered 'Cause to him you're zeros 'Cause he don't like his war heroes captured That's not disrespecting the military Fuck that! This is for Colin, ball up a fist! And keep that shit balled like Donald the bitch! He's gonna get rid of all immigrants! He's gonna build that thang up taller than this! Well, if he does build it, I hope it's rock solid with bricks 'Cause like him in politics, I'm using all of his tricks 'Cause I'm throwin' that piece of shit against the wall 'til it sticks And any fan of mine who's a supporter of his I'm drawing in the sand a line, you're either for or against And if you can't decide who you like more and you're split On who you should stand beside, I'll do it for you with this Fuck you! The rest of America stand up! We love our military, and we love our country Only reason I dissed you in the first place is cause you denied seein me Now I'm pissed off Sit back homie relax, in fact grab a sixpack Kick back while I kick facts, yeah Dre, sick track Perfect way to get back, wanna hear somethin wickwack? I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back I'm (Obsesseed) now, oh gee Is that supposed to be me, in the video with the goatee? Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out Bitch shut the fuck up, 'fore I put all them phone calls out you made to my house when you was (Wild'n Out) before Nick When you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about How many times you fly to my house, still tryin to count Better shut your lyin mouth if you don't want Nick findin out You probably think cause it's been so long if I had somethin on you I woulda did it by now Oh on the contrary Mary Poppins I'm mixin our studio session down and sendin it to masterin to make it loud Enough dirt on you to murder you This is what the fuck I do, Mariah it ever occur to you that I still have pictures? However you prefer to do and that goes for Nick too, faggot you think I'm scurred of you? You're gonna ruin my career you better get one Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months And only spread her legs to let me hit once Yeah, what you gonna say I'm lucky? Tell the public  that I was so ugly that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me? Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick pumpkin? The second week we were dry humpin, that's gotta count for somethin Listen girly, surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early cause I ejaculated prematurely And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curling Or maybe you do, but if I'm embarrassin me I'm embarrassin you And don't you dare say it isn't true As long as that song's gettin airplay I'm dissin you I'm a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued I was gonna stop at 16, that was 32 This is 34 bars, we ain't even third of the way through Damn Slim, Mariah play you, Mariah who? Oh, did I say whore Nick? I meant a liar too Like I been goin off on you all this time for no reason, girl you out your alcoholic mind Check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine Like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find on an episode of Cribs, a blow below the ribs If I hear another word so don't go openin your jibs Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs I ain't sayin this shit again hoe, you know what it is It's a warnin shot, 'fore I blow up your whole spot Call my bluff and, I'll release every fuckin thing I got Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CD's in the same slot Slim Shady...  Slim Shady... {I love you} I love you too Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo Now what you say? {It's nothin} Yeah so what I'll do is refresh your memory when you said {I want you} Now should I, keep goin or should we call truce? {You think you're cute, right?} You bet your sweet ass I do {I'm Mary Poppins, B} And I'm Superman, ooh {Mary P  Slim Shady} Comin at you So if you'll still be my {Baby girl} Then I'll still be your {Superhero} {Wilma M.} Yeah, I'm right here {You like this!} Nope, not anymore dear It cuts like a {knife} when I tell you get a {life} But I'm movin on with mine, Nick, is that your {wife} Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone If she don't {stick to the script} then I'ma just keep goin Damn I see Mary Ann, Mary Ann's sayin cut the tape I am going up I am going all the way through the fire I get up and go higher  So please don't bring me down And nothing is gonna bring me down I am going all the way thru the fire I will get up and then go higher So please don't knock me down And nothing is gonna knock me down Now I ain't got no kids yet, But this one here is for practice I hate to get the seats in Benz wet. But that's how good your ass is. Make an old man get his glasses. Make Wesley pay his taxes Then follow ur moves all weak on Twitter Probably make a gay nigga consider. You rocking now with the best Mayne. (man) Dress game down to the sex game Won't brag but the boy has been blessed with the blessed mayne Let you play with the stick ovechkayne. She's calling, she's texting She's falling but let me explain Gotta tell your old boyfriend  Skate girl Cauz a nigga don't play them ex games. No! Straight sexing No handcuffs or arresting And I ain't coming off my last name. Cauz I really can't take no stressing Bout where I done been Who I done hit Your home girl saying  He's a bad boy Bout where I done been Who I done hit Your home girl saying  He's a bad boy She said I heard you got a main chick A mistress and some hoes You be up to no good And every body knows I can't get enough of what you got Good god You hit the spot Tried to let go but I just could not So don't you stop I need that Hey globetrotter, Cole hotter Either way Out in London town Hoes holla Cauz they love my sound And I got love for the underground. Kweli pimp C hot town Where bun gets down Met a bad bitch  That'll cut all night That'll suck all night You just, cut off lights Never fuss or fight  Almost missed my flight Tryna give my last girl a nut All Right? She be down for whatever  Whenever I wanna get up in the guts All Right? On the grynd tryna find This lettuce I love it when you give me head I hate it when you give me headaches I am going up I am going all the way through the fire I get up and go higher  So please don't bring me down And nothing is gonna bring me down I am going all the way thru the fire I will get up and still get higher So please don't knock me down And nothing is gonna knock me down  Nobody asked for life to deal us With these bullshit hands we are dealt We have to take these cards ourselves And flip them. Don't expect no help Now I could have  Either just Sat on my ass And pissed and moaned Or take this situation in which I am placed in And get up and get my own I was never the type of kid To wait by the door and pack his bags Who sat on the posch hoped and prayed  For a dad to show who never did I just wanted to fit in At every single place Every school I went I dreamed of being that cool kid Even if it means acting stupid Aunt Edna always told me Keep making That face it'll get stuck like that Meanwhile I am just standing There holding My tongue tryna talk like this Till I stuck my tongue  On that Frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old I learned my lesson then Cauz I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more But I already told you my whole life story Not just based on my description Cauz where you see it from where you are sitting Its probably 110% different I guess we would have to walk a mile In each others shoes At least  What size you wear?? I wear tens Let's see if you can fit your feet I am going up I am going all the way through the fire I get up and go higher  So please don't bring me down And nothing is gonna bring me down I am going all the way thru the fire I will get up and then go higher So please don't knock me down Sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak When you feel weak, you feel like you just wanna just give up But you gotta search within you, try and find that inner strength And just pull that shit out of you, and get that motivation not to give up And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face. Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em Cause when I am not, then I'm a stop pinnin' 'em and I am not hiphop and I'm just not Eminem Subliminal thoughts, when I'm a stop sendin' 'em, women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not Get the illin' to stop, amoxacillin's just not real enough Now don't think I won't hit you, cause I'm popular I got a P90Roog that'll pop at ya Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you Homie you ain't been through What I been through You not like me And I'm not like you I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy Got semiautos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me One shot is not enough, you need at least an oozie to move me After 4 bottles of don The kid start feelin' woozie I write my life You write what you've seen in gangsta movies I'm gangsta to the core, nigga you can't move me I find my space at the top I got this rap shit locked I've never heard of you You've heard of me, I'll murder you Spit shells at your convertable As long as you notice Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door This is war You scared of me Your not prepared for me The Kid is back 50 Cent I know you like that The criminal cop killin' hiphop villiana Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners Your comin' with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it Like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us You hear it a lot lyrics to shock, Is it a miracle Or am I just a product of pop fizzin' up? Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot Listen up, You bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck Till the roof comes off, Till the lights go out Till my legs give out Can't shut my mouth Till the smoke clears out And my high burn out I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse Till the roof comes off Till the lights go out Till my legs give out Can't shut my mouth Till the smoke clears out Am I high, perhaps? I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' You get when you're real, and you spit and people are feelin' ya shit This is your moment, And every single minute you get try'n hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can And when your run is over Just admit when it's at it's end 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in I got a list Here's the order of my list that it's in  It goes Reggie, JayZ, Tupac... <i>[Echoes]<i> Where my thugs at Huh, increase the doses, bustin whoever closest Thug livin, hell or prison, never losin my focus I'm makin money moves manditory In a discussion my past records tell a story Picture niggaz we rushin and still bustin Til the cops come runnin, duck in abandoned buildings Ditchin my gun, homeboy the motherfuckin villain I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legit list So I laugh til I cry, when the law come get me No baby momma drama, nigga miss me, why plant seeds In a dirty bitch, waitin to trick me, not the life for me Livin carefree, til I'm buried  and if they dare me I'm bustin on niggaz until they scurry, I'm clearly A man of military means in my artillery Watchin over me through every murder scene From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die Sellin dope to all the fiends, at times I wanna cry And still, we try to change the past, in vain Never knowin if this game'll last, feelin ashamed Of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I sellin my soul? Got tired of small time livin, niggaz tellin me no I got MINE, FUCK THEM OTHER SUCKERS, that's the mentality Jealousass bustaz <i>[x2]<i> I know you niggas been waiting for this shit for a long time Well here it is nigga here it is No insanity plea for me, I ride the beef til I burn Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned And in turn I'm hostile guess you could call me antisocial Niggaz shakin like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em Try to politic, before I smoke em, like Sun Zu Niggaz do unto these snitches, before it's done to you And if the cops come arrest me in the evening Best believe they comin for my dogs in the mornin And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug Tell me will my niggaz mourn me? Gettin blowed out High, watch me murder the bird, before he testify Strikes, walkin close to my third, I live a trouble life And if you dream be a part of my team From Long Beach to Queens, drug dealers to exfiends Keep yo' eyes on the prize, nigga watch for bustaz Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart, what is he thinkin' About to go against me?, smart And it's absurd how people hang on every word I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve But I'll never be served, my Spot is forever reserved If I ever leave Earth That would be the death of me first 'cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could Ever be worse that's why I'm Clever when I put together every verse My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict I rap like I'm addicted to smack, Like I'm Kim Mathers But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin' At them, the track is on some Battlin' rap who wants some static 'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest Until the roof, (Until the roof) The roof comes off (The roof comes off) Until my legs, (Until my legs) Give out from underneath me, I, I will not fall, I will stand tall Feels like no one can Welcome to Detroit That's what's good man they all say Tricky Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die That's what's good man they all say Tricky Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us I remember... the first time I came here, it's been a rough six years, And I'm just happy to not be that person anymore and so as my wife. Thank you for letting me do this. That's all I have to share right now. Is there anyone else who would like to share with us tonight? Yeah... It's my life... My own words I guess... Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? When they know they're your heart And you know you were their armour And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you? What happens when you become the main source of her pain? Daddy look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she? I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rockabybaby... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying? Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're lying You always say that, you always say this is the last time But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy  no stop it! Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket It's got a picture, this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha' I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em They're saying You've got one more chance to do right  and it's tonight Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on And I'm singing... And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet I take a bow and thank you all for coming out They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding, But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad' That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin I get the point  fine, me and Mommy are going But baby wait, It's too late Dad, you made the choice Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep.. screamin' your name It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill Yeah, I bet you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, kkeep it real I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it Put it to my brain and scream die Shady and pop it The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister Almost as if to say.. And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain Just smile back... Keep on going, you just gotta fight it Keep on going cause it's not too late You can't back down, you can't back down They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy Are they asking me that because of the shit thats been thrown at me or am I just a little snappy and they genuinly care Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there and I continuosly stare at pictures of you I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do yeah I say it now and you can't hear me what the fuck good does that do me now but somehow I know you're near me in presence or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little and dawg you'll never believe this but Sharonda actually talks to me now Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different if its true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you difficult as it sounds Keep on going, you just gotta fight it Keep on going cause it's not too late You can't back down, you can't back down Doody, thats what we call eachother I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us we was always brothers never thought about eachothers skin colours til one day we was walking up the block in the summer it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn tryna walk under the trees just to give me some comfort I'm moaning I just wanna get home when I look over and his shirt is off I'm like you gon fry and like No I wont, I'm black stupid black people they got melatonin in their skin, we don't burn meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt like I'm on fire and the entire time you're just laughing at me and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard and I still have to get you back for that shit and by the way them playboy rings my mother stole from you well Nate finally got em back shit it must have been at least 16 years ago well I put em in your caskowww moving past it, it still aint registered yet but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget the motor city motown hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads it don't stop there yeah, as difficult as it sounds Keep on going, you just gotta fight it Keep on going cause it's not too late You can't back down, you can't back down and this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it I found that jacket that you left at my wedding and I picked it up to smell it I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass and hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it and as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap it feels like our General just fucking died in our lap we shut off all our pages, all our cell numbers is changed our twoways are in the trash so some cats will have to find a new way and I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today but the truth is there all still here and you ain't purple gang, you gotta pressing on don't ever give up the dream dog I got love for you all and Doody, it's true you bought people together who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you you were the peacemaker Doody I know sometimes you were moody but you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding but you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping if it had to happen, it had to happen believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to throw them balls back on Dresden from making cars to paintballing getting arrested to sitting across from eachother in cells laughing and jesting they tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up didn't show up for court so we got off on a technicality, left sweating me, you and whats his face I forgot his fucking name shame he even came to your funeral he betrayed our team and if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face and thats on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air for you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54 just before we were supposed to get in cars to come and see you once more difficult as it sounds Keep on going, you just gotta fight it Keep on going cause it's not too late You can't back down, you can't back down 