 inmate 'pac, cfifty-seven thousand, seven hundred and ninety-seven, you got a visitor
right there, star three

 hi baby

 what's up honey?

 hey you know it's just only one more week until family visit

 yeah i'ma rock them drawers. yeah but you did you take care of that business i asked you to do?

 i made those deposits

 okay that's cool you bring that shit?

 yeah i got it

 alright see that guard over there?

 mmm-hmm

 when you get done just hand him the shit, he know whassup

 alright, hey you know e just got cracked, he's in jail now

 what?

 yeah, go-go's out. i just saw him running around the other day

 ah, fuck that fool. but anyway, what's happening with my moms?

 she gave me a message for you. she said she's sorry she couldn't be here today, but she'll be here next week

 alright well check this out, i got something real important i want you to tell her

 c'mon c'mon this shit's over with


 c'mon boy, back to your cell

 i'm not done talking to him

 shut that shit up bitch! he's outta here, c'mon

 don't be calling my woman no bitch! nigga i'll fuck you up!

 yeah yeah fool, what?

 let me out these chains....with your broke ass sucka

 yeah yeah, that's what they all say fool

 yeah what! let me out then

 institutionalized, and this is your home...

guess who's back, and ready to knock off a cop or two
cause me and the crew could still get our rocks off
the penitentiary don't stop a nigga cause he's in jail
hell i'm makin' more money on the street from here in a cell
i'm livin' proper, the coppers is havin' fits
i just made the profit, you punks ain't stoppin' shit
i still remember my momma told me
find the cop who killed your brother
send him to hell lookin' homely
cause a real nigga love the law
what's raw is a nigga that's above the law
keep pressin' your luck and get fucked, huh
think a nigga don't know whassup 'cause he's locked up
but in the meantime, it's get swole get clean time
concentrate on gettin' green time
and as the years go by, they forgot
about the small time soldier from the block, huh
to kill the crook they threw the book at me
don't worry be nappy, don't even look happy
put me in the hole, gave me cold cuts
did push-ups until i swole up
and then they offer me a furlough
but what they don't know as soon as i get free i'm killin' five mo'
they asked me if i changed much
i told em 'yeah' even though i'm still the same nut
they started askin' me questions about my brother
and makin' remarks about my mother, hmm
wait a minute, hold up
makin' jokes about my folks'll get yours blown up
they sent me back to the hole for what i told em
i guess he didn't believe me, so i showed him
he went home to find a tragedy
nigga, that's what you get for tryin' to badger me
and anybody else that wanna sweat me
i'm already in jail so you punks can't get me
you better pray they never see me
cause if they let me free, prepare for trouble on the streets

when i get free, huh
when i get free, huh
when i get free

when i get free, huh
when i get free, huh
when i get free

when i get free


