"niggas!" yeah... uh...
"niggas!"


who's afraid of the punk police?
niggas run the streets, no justice no peace
fuck the law, i'd rather draw than do time
don't fuck with mine 'cross the line
my two nines go biya biya when i shoot 'em
korean motherfuckers was crooked
so niggas had to burn and loot 'em
now the streets ain't safe at night, my niggas
...uh, straight take his life
so don't sleep when my team creep up, how we hit 'em
empty the clip, then dip cause we did 'em
licking off shots for latasha, that's proper
love for my niggas but a glock for the coppers
so what the fuck you wanna do now?
i packed a nine last year, in 'ninety-nine i'm packing two now
and even if they pull they triggers
they can shoot one man, but nothing's gonna stop the plan of true niggas

"niggas!" yeah, niggas - can't fuck with us
"niggas!" yeah, niggas
cause being a nigga means you love niggas, ha-ha
"niggas!" i was raised in this society so there's no way you can
expect me to be a perfect person, cause i'mma do what i'mma do

 ha! uh.
aiyyo!


my dimes make the fiends go to sleep, so they call 'em bedrocks
niggas is like photographers, all they take is head shots
your last words'll be, damn, what's all these red dots?
niggas nowadays they worry me
my bars is therapy, as long as you using 'em thoroughly
muah 'til the day that they bury me
my niggas is stronger and tighter now than they probably ever be
and i'm a product of the seventys
the hood got niggas on punishment, that's why they never leave
if i ain't eating wit'chu i'm probably beefin wit'chu
if no money ain't involved ain't no need for me speaking wit'chu
i know you got a gun but i'm hoping you keep it wit'chu
cause unfortunately i'm one of the rappers that keep a pistol and
know what the llama do, shady/aftermath
ruff ryders, d block, and of course amaru
lot of people honor you, probably cause the way
that you used to bring the drama to, whoever you wanted to
you a leader when you can get a leader to follow you
but, anyway, life goes on
so i'll see you when i art in heaven like our fathers do

"niggas!" yeah, niggas - can't fuck with us
"niggas!" yeah, niggas
cause being a nigga means you love niggas, ha-ha
"niggas!" i was raised in this society so there's no way you can
expect me to be a perfect person, cause i'mma do what i'mma do

"niggas!" nigga! can't fuck with us


