scott, storch. hey!


why'd you slang crack? i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
a nigga gotta pay the fuckin' rent


crazy, i gotta work with what'chu gave me
you claiming i'm a criminal and you the one that made me
they got me trapped in this slavery
now i'm lost in this holocaust heading for my grave g
i told sam he could fuck the war
and got a busted jaw for saying "fuck the law"
and if you wonder why i'm mad check the record
what's a nigga gotta do to get respected?
sometimes i think i'm getting tested
and if i don't say "yes" a nigga's quick to get arrested
that's the reason i stay testing
i keep a vest on my chest in case the cops are getting restless
walking around, ready to light shit up
but since my life is fucked, some say i'm slightly nuts
buck buck is the sound as i move up
other niggas pay attention when a fool bust, huh
they make a nigga be a killer; i used to be a dealer
but they wanted to see who's realer
now them same motherfuckers wanna murder me
and i wonder if the lord ever heard of me, huh
i need loot, so i'm doing what i do
and don't say shit until you walked in my shoes
there was no other destiny to choose
i had nuttin left to lose, so i'm singing nigga blues


why'd you slang crack? i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
a nigga gotta pay the fuckin' rent


poppa need brand new shoes, but what the fuck can a nigga do?
my little boy gotta eat too
so why must i sock a fella
just to live large like rockefeller?
and did you ever stop to think
i'm old enough to go to war, but i ain't old enough to drink
cops wanna hit me with the book, huh
and you're hooked on my "i don't give a fuck" look
make your rules, i'mma break 'em
no matter how much you make 'em, you show me bacon i'mma take 'em
so don't you ever tempt me
i'm a fool for mine nigga and my pockets stay empty
to my brothers in the barrio
you're living worse than the niggas in the ghetto so
i give a fuck about your language or complexion
you got love from the niggas in my section
you got problems with the punk police?
don't run from the chumps, get the pump from me
we ain't free, i'll be damned if i play the trick
for a blond-haired, blue-eyed, caucasian bitch
down with my homeboy rich, huh
fuck a snitch and a groupie-ass bitch
and the nigga with a cellular phone, leave his baby at home
so he can go out and bone, huh
and you wonder why we blazing niggas
cause you punks having babies can't raise the niggas
and they down to be fuck-ups too
drinking forties of brew, huh, singing nigga blues

why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
why'd you slang crack? cause i had to
now i'm heading for the motherfuckin' pen



