
i wanted to bring back that reality
but nobody can ever be confused and think i'm fuckin' mike tyson
and i'm the heavyweight champion, i'm a little nigga
that's why its so raw to just watch me battle lions
cause i'm a little skinny nigga battling niggas three times my size

watch this uppercut, here it comes..
watch the jab nigga...ugh...here it come
look out, watch my arms..


now see so many motherfuckers wanna take a piece
comming equipped with some shit that niggas just can't believe
i pull a trick from my sleeve now kamikaze
i'm all over that nigga, come identify the body
my middle finger to you ho niggas
run up on me and i'll be forced to let it go nigga
i ain't the one you wanna try, why? stayin' high
i hit this blunt and watch these motherfuckers die
whose running these streets i said that cocaine
cause in the dope game, niggas'll die 'fore they go broke mayne
another hustler makin' major cash
'til the punk police come an raid ya ass
now you stressed doin' fed time
and its a bitch cause the judge gave you eight years
you doing six and we know that you can't hang
you a trick rolled over turned snitch like a bitch


now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu falling from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!


they got a nigga in the dice game
i'm feelin' lucky but the nigga just a little bigger
he trying fuck me out my cash, i'ma blast nigga
he don't know i gotta tell ya like the last nigga
gotta go don't need to roll for the truck, i get 'em up
left to right, my uppercut'll hit 'em up
i'm known to walk the streets on any block
i love my niggas, but i ain't putting down my glock
the gun shots rang when i lose nigga, and ooh nigga
i'ma show you not to ever play a true nigga (ha-ha)
lay it down just to prove it
and fuck the rapping motherfucker we can do this


now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu falling from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!


they claim that we violent, we named after tyrants
this revolution won't be televised, we keep it silent
roll on our enemies, beat 'em at they own game
molotov cocktails, releasing up in flames
tired of bein' stepped on, sick of bein' held back
lookin' through my rear view, thinkin' bout the pay back
wanna see my kids grow don't know if i'ma make it though
one more nigga came up short in the ghetto
society lied to me so i'm strapped with the metal
push ya middle finger up nigga if you a rebel
have ya face down goin' in ya pockets if ya let 'em
i done lost too many homies for me to ever forget 'em
i done made so many mistakes but still i don't regret 'em
i'm a product of the pimp, the pusher, and the reverend
i'm a product of the block, the fiends and the felons
we all lost souls tryna find our way to heaven


now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu falling from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
now you know you should have ducked nigga
gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!


to all the comrades no longer with us, see you when we get there
'pac, yak, we gon' keep on ridin', give these cowards the uppercut
'til we get up there with y'all, you know!
thug life we still living it
outlaw for life, in the name of the don, let's go!


