
aw, yeah, i get around
still clown with the underground
when we come around
stronger than ever


back to get wreck, all respect
to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
'cause, oh, they sweat a brother majorly
and i don't know why your girl keeps pagin' me
she tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
and every time she sees me
she squeeze melady, take it easy!
hate to sound sleazy, but tease me
i don't want it if it's that easy
ayo, bust it, baby got a problem, saying "bye-bye"
just another hazard of a fly guy
you ask "why?", don't matter! my pockets got fatter
now everybody's lookin' for the latter
and ain't no need in being greedy, if you wanna see me
dial the beeper number, baby, when you need me
and i'll be there in a jiffy
don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
but when you learn you can't tie me down
baby doll, check it out: i get around

what you mean you don't know? i get around
the underground just don't stop for hoes, i get around
still down with the underground, i get around
yeah, ayo, shock, let them hoes know!


now you can tell from my everyday fits i ain't rich
so cease and desist with them tricks
i'm just another black man caught up in the mix
tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents (a dime and a nickel)
just 'cause i'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
baby, i can see that you don't recognize me
i'm shock g: the one who put the satin on your panties
never knew a hooker that could share me; i get around


what's up, love? how you doin'?
well, i've been hangin', sangin', tryin' to do my thang
oh, you heard that i was bangin'
your homegirl you went to school with?
that's cool, but did she tell you about her sister?
and your cousin thought i wasn't
see, weekends were made for michelob
but it's a monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
and don't mistake my statement for a clown
we can keep in the down low
long as you know that i get around

what you mean you don't know? i get around
the underground just don't stop for hoes, i get around
still down with the underground, i get around
yeah, ayo, shock, let them hoes know!


finger tips on the hips as i dip
gotta get a tight grip, don't slip; loose lips sink ships
it's a trip, i love the way she licks her lips, see me jockin'
put a little twist in her hips 'cause i'm watchin'
conversations on the phone 'til the break of dawn
now we're all alone: why the lights on?
turn them off! time to set it off, get you wet and soft
somethin' is on your mind, let it off
you don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
well, if i couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweatin' me?
it's a lot of real g's doin' time
'cause a groupie bent the truth and told a lie
you picked the wrong guy, baby, if you're too fly
you need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'cause i only got one night in town
break out or be clowned, baby doll, are you down? i get around


