
makaveli in this, killuminati
all through your body
that blows like a twelve-gauge shotty, feel me!
and god said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
follow me! eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh!


come with me!
hail mary, nigga, run quick, see
what do we have here now?
do you wanna ride or die?
la la-la-la la la la la


i ain't a killer, but don't push me
revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
bow down, pray to god, hopin' that he's listenin'
seein' niggas comin' for me
through my diamonds, when they glistenin'
now pay attention: bless me please, father, i'm a ghost
in these killing fields, hail mary, catch me if i go
let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies see me flee
activate my hate, let it break to the flame
set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit
plus, mama told me never stop until i bust a nut
fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, hail mary


come with me!
hail mary, nigga, run quick, see
what do we have here now?
do you wanna ride or die?
la la-la-la la la la la


penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
institutionalized, i live my life a product made to crumble
but too hardened for a smile
we're too crazy to be humble; we ballin'
catch me, father, please, cause i'm fallin' in the liquor store
pass the hennessy, i hear you callin', can i get some more?
hell, 'til i reach hell, i ain't scared
mama checkin' in my bedroom, i ain't there
i got a head with no screws in it, what can i do?
one life to live, but i got nothin' to lose
just me and you on a one-way trip to prison, sellin' drugs
we all wrapped up in this livin', life as thugs
to my homeboys in clinton max doin' their bid
raise hell to this real shit and feel this
when they turn out the lights, i'll be there in the dark
thuggin' eternal through my heart; now hail mary, nigga!


come with me!
hail mary, nigga, run quick, see
what do we have here now?
do you wanna ride or die?
la la-la-la la la la la


they got a apb out on my thug family
since outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
our enemies die now, walk around half dead
head down, k-blasted off of hennessy and thai chronic
mixed in, now i'm twisted, blistered and high
visions of me, thug-livin', gettin' me by
forever live, and i multiply, survived by thugs
when i die they won't cry unless they comin' with slugs


peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feelin' rowdy
ready to wet the party up
and whoever in that mothafucka, nasty new street slugger
my heat seeks suckers on the regular
mashin' in a stolen black ac' integra
cocked back, sixty seconds 'til the draw
that's when i'm deadin' ya, feet first
you've got a nice gat, but my heat's worse
from a thug to preachin' church
i gave you love, now you eatin' dirt
needin' work, and i ain't the nigga to put you on
cause word is bond
when i was broke, i had to hustle 'til dawn
that's when the sun came up, there's only one way up
hold your head and stay up
to all my niggas, get your pay and weight up


if it's on, then it's on, we rape break beat-breaks
outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
to this shit i don't got be the shit i gotta take
dealin' with fate, hopin' god don't close the gate
if it's on, then it's on, we rape break beat-breaks
outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
to this shit i don't got be the shit i gotta take
dealin' with fate, hopin' god don't close the gate


come with me!
hail mary, nigga, run quick, see
what do we have here now?
do you wanna ride or die?
la la-la-la la la la la


we've been travelin' on this weary road
sometimes life can be a heavy load
but we ride, ride it like a bullet
hail mary, hail mary
we won't worry, everything will curry
free like the bird in the tree
we won't worry, everything will curry
yes, we free like the bird in the tree
we runnin' from the penitentiary
this is the time for we liberty; hail mary, hail mary!


westside, outlawz
makaveli the don, solo
killuminati, the seven days


