fugees! fugees and mobb deep
tryin' to diss now too, huh?!
hahaha! well, i ain't prejudiced
i don't give a fuck
this is what it sounds like
when we ride on our enemies
biatch! when we ride on our enemies

hey, got some static for some niggas on the other side of town
let my little cousin k roll, he's a rider now
what they want from us motherfuckin' thug niggas?
used to love niggas, now i plug niggas, and slug niggas
am i wrong? niggas makin' songs, tryin' to get with us
must be gone on stress weed, in the west we trust
to the chest i bust, then we ride 'til the sun come
shinin' back to brighten up the sky; how many die?
heard the fugees was tryin' to do me
look, bitch: i'll cut your face, this ain't no motherfuckin' movie
then, we watch the other two die slow
castrated entertainin' at my motherfuckin' sideshow
bam! set my plan in mo'
time to exterminate my foes; i can't stand you hoes
uh, now label this my fuckin' trick shot
my lyrics runnin' all you cowards out of hip-hop
when we ride on our enemies

when we ride on our enemies
i bet you motherfuckers die
when we ride on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies
bet all you motherfuckers die
when we ride on our enemies

come take a journey through my mind's eye
you crossed the game, don't explain
nigga, time to die; say goodbye
watch my eyes when i pull the trigger
so right before you die, you bow before a bigger nigga
now dry your eyes, you was heartless on your hits
niggas love to scream "peace!" after they start some shit
pay attention, here's a word to those that robbed me
i murder you, then i run a train on mobb deep
don't fuck with me!
nigga, you're barely livin', don't you got sickle cell?
see me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin' well
hell, how many niggas wanna be involved?
see, i was only talkin' to biggie, but i'll kill all of y'all, then ball
then tell da brat to keep her mouth closed
fuck around and get tossed up by the fuckin' outlawz
before i leave, make sure everybody heard
know i meant every motherfuckin' word
when we ride on our enemies

when we ride on our enemies
make sure everybody die
when we ride, on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies, hehe
i make sure everybody die
when we ride, on our enemies


