nuthin' but a gangsta party
nuthin' but a gangsta party


got me up against the fence, back against the wall
get to actin' like a fool if aint no justice for the dogg
got to take it out on all, y'all
better read the papers, all my homies goin' crazy, baby
only god could save us
got my, mind on currency, hurry, see i ain't worried
it's a gangsta party so, bad boy gettin' buried
snoop dogg, why they fantasize
when we ride its a must adversaries die every time


yes, yes, y'all, not $hort but snoop dogg
and you know it's like that y'all


i'm so smooth about my paper check it just how it's done
i'm servin' any on a platter snoop dogg corleone
corleone, now do you know what that mean?
a teflon don to this hip-hop game, super supreme
it's like what happen can happen but will it stop
that won't happen i'm feelin' good about the mission for jackin'
ayo pac, can you feel me?
why these fools, tryin' to kill me?
it's so hard to stay focused on my eyes and prize
but if i don't, the dogg won't survive


we ballin' in my opinion, eternal was wild wheel spinnin'
once implemented its represented for five minutes
two of the livest wanted dead or alive
we riders, ban us cause we inquired and watch the g's ride
two of america's most, straight out the west coast
bow down fool, this is death row
been waitin' way too long, fresh out the pen, now it's on
c'mon, snoop dogg, time to bone


ain't nothin' changed too down to hang i slang a bang with a rhyme
me and the homey pac trippin' death row on knobs
gon survive by eastside of dpg'z
still creepin' bump through the hood, always involved in the streets
(westside)
snoop doggy dogg homie, did you forget who i was
the big homie to you, there it is and there it was
now take a look through the eyes of a g
and just ride to the rhythm of a gangsta beat


all my homies tellin' me
ain't no love for a real g
straight cowards all you playa haters kill me
throw up your hands if you feel me
we gettin' dollars, homie, holler if you hear me
it's one time for my comrades doin' bad lockdown
fresh out bust the top and bounce drop down
can you visualize perfection
cause every ryder in my set labelled a vet best in their profession
don't hold your breath, stick to smith &amp; wesson
steady study your lessons to keep the crowd guessin'


straight gangsta, y'know
money to be made, situations get deeper
niggas always tryin' to creep
but i know what time it is

gangstas, yeah yeah yeah
yeah, gangstas
play or stay
yeah, play or stay
y'know? stay a gangsta
all my doggs, all my niggas on lockdown, big dogg
it's for you nigga
we gonna ride this motherfucker til the wheels fall off
yeah yeah
play or stay
yeah, play or stay
yeah yeah, play or stay
yeah yeah, death row!
yeah yeah, my nigga twopac rest in peace
dogg pound
dippin' real hard y'kno what i'm sayin'?
yeah yeah, stay down
gangstas gangstas
foe life, eastside!
westside of the coast
yeah, eastside!
mmmm, for all my soldiers
yeah
where ya at?
yeah
y'know? 
yeah
stay down
for real
y'know? what it look like?
mmm, what it feel like?
it ain't easy, y'know? 
death row


