
whassup? it's twopac. can you get away?
let me come swoop you up
(you know i got a man)
i know you got a man, but he ain't gon' mind if i take you out
(of course he gon' mind)
let me take you to lunch, i'll have you back before he even get home, before anybody see
(i can't, he ain't gon' let me
aww c'mon! please...
(nah)
oh aight  what's wrong with your eye?
why you got on glasses?


ever since i met ya i could peep the pressure
it's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
i can see your state of misery from the introduction
ain't 'bout no suckin' and touchin', just harmless discussion
maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
late night phone conversations  would that be ok?
i don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
i can see you're cautious and i'm careful not to scare you
the anticipation of love makin'
got you shakin' when i'm standin' near you
news of precision will prepare ya
in case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
now the picture's gettin' clearer
all he does is hit you hard
i tell you to leave him, and you tell me keep my faith in god
i don't understand, i just wanna bring ya home
i wonder should i leave you alone
and find a woman of my own
all the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
i contemplate  but in my heart i know you worth it
tell me, can you get away?

ebony, can you get away?
c'mon let's go can you get away?
can you get away?


so much pressure in the air (i know, i know)
and i can't get away (just for a little while love)
i'm not happy here (i know it's hard but, can you get away?)
so much pressure in the air
(let's go man, get up outta there, can you get away?)
and i can't get away (do you love him?)
i'm not happy here (do you love that man?)


could it be my destiny to be lonely?
ain't checkin' for these hoochies that be on me
'cause they phony
but you was different, i got no need to be suspicious
'cause i can tell, my life with you would be delicious
the way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
i'm sittin' here hopin' that we can find some way to kick it
even though i got your digits, gotta struggle to resist it
slowly advance when it's my chance not to miss it
you blow me kisses when he ain't lookin'
now your heart's tooken
my only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
wanna take you there but you scared to follow
come see tomorrow
hopin' i can take you through the pain and sorrow
let you know i care  that someone's there for your struggle
depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
i wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
i told you before, no time to waste
we can hook up at the store. can you get away?


so much pressure in the air (i know it is)
and i can't get away (yeah, you can)
i'm not happy here (you ain't happy, huh? can you get away?)
so much pressure in the air (i know is he beatin' on you?)
and i can't get away (did he punch you?)
i'm not happy here (throwin' you around the house?)


i sit here reminiscin' and i hope you listenin'
in the position to pressure and offer competition
me and you was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
'cause now it's on for you and me, all i can see
a happy home  that's my fantasy
but my reality is problems with your man and me
what can i do? don't wanna lose you to this sucker
'cause if he touch ya, i got some drama for that busta
don't wanna rush ya, but make your mind up fast
nobody knows, on who controls will it last?
before i ask, i hope you see that i'm sincere
and even if you stay with him today i'm still here
i refuse to give up, 'cause i believe in what we share
you're livin' in prison and what he's givin' can't compare
'cause everything i feel for you i wanna let you know
passionately yours and i'll never let you go
tell me, can you get away?


so much pressure in the air (can't get away why?)
and i can't get away
i'm not happy here
(let me take you away, all i wanna know, can you get away?)
so much pressure in the air (man)
and i can't get away (course you can get away)
i'm not happy here
(if you really wanted to get away, you could get away)


you ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
with this old half a man, ya know what i'm sayin'?
i ain't tryin' to put you in a position
where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
you need, but now he ain't even takin' care of you
he beatin' on you and shit; look how you look!
you too motherfuckin' raw to be with that nigga
ya know what i'm sayin'?
shake that sucker to the left
let me show you what this life is really about
ya know what i'm sayin'? you need to be on first class
need to be goin' to hawaii, seein' the world
seein' what this world got to offer you
not goin' to, ya know what i'm sayin'?
the emergency room, gettin' stitches
'cause this nigga done got jealous. don't cry, it's all good


can you take me from here?
shake that man, get away
can you take me from here?
i'ahhhhhm unhappy here
and i need you to show me love
because it's so much pressure now
and i need to get awayyyheyyyeahhh


