oh i posted bail? i'm out this motherfucker? i can go?!
aw, fuck y'all! ay fuck the judge!
fuck the motherfuckin' district attorney, the prosecutor
and fuck you motherfuckers in the jury box, fuck all y'all!
cause i'm out on motherfuckin' bail
y'all ain't never gon' see me in this motherfucker again!
drop that shit l g
let these ol' punk-ass bitches know how we runnin' this shit for the 'ninety-four
niggas ain't goin' back to court, you stank ass bitches

i'm stuck in jail, the d.a.'s tryin' to burn me
i'd be out on bail, if i had a good attorney
want to label me a criminal and cuff me up
got a pocket full of money so they rough me up - i ain't trippin'
in the county and i'm mad as fuck
got a record so they put me with the baddest bunch
everybody wanna talk cause i'm rappin', they askin' me what happened
is it true you did a flick with janet jackson?
i can't sleep! they takin' polaroids
and i'm tryin' to use the phone, but they makin' noise
man i wish i had my glock, cause it's major
i'm makin' shanks out the plastic in razors
these motherfuckers won't leave me alone, that's my word
'bout to turn a violation to a motherfuckin' murder
i'm makin' co-llect calls to my ol' bitches
send mo' pictures, and make me some mo' riches
to all the suckers on the block, talkin' shit while i was locked up
be prepared to get socked up
cause the game is deep, and the fame is brief
and you bullshit bitches ain't changin' me
i came straight up out the gutter, i was saved from hell
and i'm a thug, i was raised in jail, now i'm out on bail

(out on bail) you know what fuckin' time it is
i'm out on bail (thug life nigga) fifty,zero beyotch! i'm out on bail
(out on bail) hand me some motherfuckin' cold forty's in this bitch nigga
cause i'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
ay pass me my motherfuckin' rolex
yes bitch, that's a presidential

i'm stuck in jail, and mad as a bitch
i'd be out on bail, if it wasn't for the snitch
runnin' wild through the streets like i'm loco
and fuck the punk police and they chokeholds
i got no love in my heart cause i'm heartless
mobbin' in the park after dark when i start shit
rippin' up the scene as a teen i was at it, hey
and sellin' product to the addicts cause they gotta have it
i was a well-known thug and i got a lot of love
hangin' out with the o.g.'s, shootin' up the clubs
and momma told me, don't hang with the homies
but they got me if they need me, then it's on g
got me sittin' in a cell, a five by seven
will i finally get to go to ghetto heaven?
got my bitches on the outside, writin' me letters
and they tell me they love me, and the shit'll get better
i don't believe 'em cause i just got the news on the wire
take it how you want it but your picture's on fire
i gotta be a player so i stay strong
cause i know that i won't be away long
and when i finally do hit the fuckin' streets, i'ma handle this
a thug nigga gettin' scandalous, i'm on bail

(out on bail) you know what fuckin' time it is
i'm out on bail (thug life nigga) fifty,zero beyotch! i'm out on bail
(out on bail) hand me some motherfuckin' cold forty's in this bitch nigga
cause i'm out on bail (thug life nigga)
ay pass me my motherfuckin' rolex
yes bitch, that's a presidential

motherfuckers tryin', to harass a player
man i ain't goin' for this ol' crazy ol' shit
dealin' with you scandalous bitches
y'all need to pop some of these crooked ass motherfuckin' judges
but here go the motherfuckin' fetti, i'm out on bail
i'll see you motherfuckers at the next show
by the way, where is my bitch?
you know, that's that ol' real thug shit
real live thug shit, genuine
y'knahmsayin? i wouldn't waste yo' motherfuckin' time with no bullshit baby
trust me, it's that real shit
talkin' 'bout that shit you can be tellin' your grandkids about y'know?
i ran with a thug nigga, believe that
this is for my fuckin' nigga 'em and the motherfuckin' boys
in case you wonderin', we doin' this shit, hell motherfuckin' yeah
an ounce of that shit, sittin' in yo' motherfuckin' lap
now press rewind nigga


