
let us pray
heavenly father, hear a nigga down here
before i go to sleep
tell me, who do you believe in?
who do you believe in?


i see mothers in black cryin, brothers in packs dyin
plus everybody's high, too doped up to ask why
watchin our own downfall, witness the end
it's like we don't believe in god cause we livin in sin
i asked my homie on the block why he strapped, he laughed
pointed his pistol as the cop car passed and blast
it's just another murder, nobody mourns no more
my tear drops gettin bigger but can't figure what i'm cryin for
is it the miniature caskets, little babies
victims of a stray, from drug dealers gone crazy
maybe it's just the drugs, visions of how the block was
crack came and it was strange how it rocked us
perhaps the underlyin fact they hide explain genocide
it's when we ride on our own kind
what is it we all fear, reflections in the mirror
we can't escape fate, the end is gettin nearer


who do you believe in?
i put my faith in god, blessed and still breathin
and even though it's hard, that's who i believe in
before i'm leavin, i'm askin the grievin - who do you believe in?


can't close my eyes cause all i see is terror
i hate the man in the mirror
cause his reflection makes the pain turn realer
times of armageddeon, murder in mass amounts
in this society where only gettin the cash counts
i started out as a beginner
entered the criminal lifestyle became a sinner
i make my money and vacate, evade prison
went from the chosen one to outcast, unforgiven
and all the hennessy and weed can't hide, the pain i feel inside
you know, it's like i'm livin just to die
i fall on my knees and beg for mercy, not knowin if i'm worthy
livin life thinkin no man can hurt me
so i'm askin -- before i lay me down to sleep
before you judge me, look at all the shit you did to me, my misery
i rose up from the slums, made it out the flames
in my search for fame will i change?  i'm askin




faith in allah, believe in me and this plastic
cause so far i done witnessed to many dead niggaz in caskets
with they chest plates stretched like elastic
and what's worse i'm on front line, holdin down camp, still mashin
heard my cousin, one of the old heads from the block
just came home october of 'ninety-five back in yardsville stuck
with a three to five, if he don't act up, now he realize
if you don't stay wise, then in this game you fucked
talk to my baby girl, give me the word on what she heard
one of the grimmies is snitchin, diamond a stool pigeon i talked to him
he said he didn't, my man said he did, in fact he's sure
cause he just came home off of bail

 now tell me




who do you believe in?
is it buddah, jehovah, or jah?  or allah?
is it jesus?  is it god?  or is just yourself?
definately not to be imposed, being a demon
because this is the joy of believing!
men, to believe in yourselves
but for sure, the higher power
resides only to ride in the heart of the true
from the soul, of the man; for truth never has an alibi
in the poetry, or in it's realm
that's what pulls all words together
just to understand, that every man, is his own man
and only man can satisfy the man
only the soul of the man, the feelings of the man
the for realness of the man
you can't shake the man when you feel the man you know the man
and you gotta call yourself because you are that man


who do you believe in?
i put my faith in god, blessed and still breathin


who do you believe in?  put my faith in god, and
blessed and still breathin


even though it's hard (who do you believe in?)
that's who i believe in (put my faith in god)
before i'm leavin (even though it's hard)
i'm askin the grievin
(before i'm leavin i'm askin the grievin - who do you believe in?)
who do you believe in? (who do you believe in?)
who do you (blessed and still breathin)
oh blessed, oh blessed
(before i'm leavin i'm askin the grievin - who do you believe in?)


oh who do you 
do you believe in 
hohhhhh-ohhhhh


who do you believe in?
i put my faith in god, blessed and still breathin
and even though it's hard, that's who i believe in
before i'm leavin i'm askin the grievin - who do you believe in?


i'm askin (who do you believe in?)
i'm askin you (put my faith in god)
(that's who i believe in)
(before i'm leavin i'm askin the grievin - who do you believe in?)


who do you believe in?
i'm blessed and still breathin
that's who i believe in
before i'm leavin, i'm askin the grievin
who do you believe in?
who do you believe in? 


