"so let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?"

 what is this? what is this?


the invasion! (invasion yeah)
green lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah)


i got fifty cent, i got g-unit
d-tweezy in this bitch, wit obie trice!
so watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!


whoa, here we go, i should've' known
i was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
sooner or later you little haters
are too jealous of us to love us
you hate it g-unit made it and obie's coming
d-tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
fifty percent of it's fifty cent
the other fifty percent of it's who's color of skin it is
but if you even considerin' taking our label down
you better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
but i ain't trying to get too intricate into it
i'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
cause then it's gonna get to the point
where it escalates to some other shit
then i'm a flip, then i'm a get to
"stomping in my air force ones"
but you won't be able to tell
if it's two pairs or it's one
it's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
you'd think nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
i don't know what it is or what it could be
but i get a woody when these pussies try to push me
thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
y'all tickle me pink
i think i'd just rather have pink tickle me
hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
a little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
mixed with a little bit of the
jigga-ja-jigga
wit a small pinch of biggie
look at me, i'm just the bomb diggedy


we the realest label
don't try to act like you don't feel our label
cause we gonna fuck around and kill your label
obie, d-tweezy, g-unit, fifty
we the label for sure!

we the realest label
don't try to act like you don't feel our label
cause we gonna fuck around and steal your paper
obie, d-tweezy, g-unit, fifty,
we gonna kill your fuckin' label for sure!


shady in the place to be see
and i got what it takes to +roc the mic+ right!
still watch what you say to me punk
cause i'm off probation in less than six months 


haha, shady records
still aftermath, and don't think we don't
hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
cause we do and we see y'all
we just gonna sit back for a minute
while i see what the fuck y'all do


