
welcome to detroit
this is the bet shady two.zero cypher two thousand and eleven
myself, slaughterhouse and yelawolf

white dog, get em!


put these muthafuckas in a box and i send em away
put 'em in a gray 'lac and pop the trunk
hey throw 'em in the back, jack, i dig em a grave
put a brick inside that xerox, when i print em a page
moving keys i can't relate, cause i live in a cage
i throw up the a, i take em to school,
i give em a grade, an easy e for effort
that's wwa, white with an attitude
alphabet soup is on my plate
all i got is zs they sleeping on me, i cant get em awake
i spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
who believe they making it rain cause all they see is the clouds
and i watch from the couch of the vip
like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like fuck it
i just feed em a cow
plenty of white boys to pick from this year
but before you can pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
cause even peter piper could pick up a mic
but what it's like to pick a fight with me
its like putting nikes on a cheetah, betta speed up
or at least in my case addidas
i'm out this bitch drinking sprite by the two liter
holler, shady records


say im from the new school, ima say check ya tone and watch ya mouth
if they teaching how to dougie, im condoning dropping out
forced to wile, y'all birthed and gave me up
i just perfected being hip hops foster child, now check it
i dont blame yall for being trash fans and copping it
the radios the crime scene the masses are the hostages
in my youth i'd throw shots, the fan would dodging it
im grown, i ain't watching the throne, im sabotaging it
you see that four headed monster and the storm looms
snipe em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom
you super mario thugs is in the wrong room
got a figure here you wont get bigger if you on shrooms
was left to me i'd revive what the game be bout
ida took the wine outta amy house
enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back
wayne couldnt teach me how to love that
but i got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny
both parents broke but she comes from money
think my bread is her paper to burn
so i lock her out and now she doubt david is stern
she so bad i make her hit the telly from a taxi
then dead her in that holiday inn
learnt that from max b
that's why the haters of every kind wanna send me llamas
i made it right before they eyes like i was benihanas
is it me? or is what i'm hearing just pitiful?
airwaves the same now the stereos typical
my skin thick so the critics ignore
so unafraid to die you think i did it before
the boys rodman with the trash talk
magical walk with the black ball way i bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
glass jaw, hoody and mask would be the black folk with no passport
body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors
if pumps had awards ya status whore category
probably be that of awards 'tween michael rappaport and kenny lattimore
i know hip hops alive and well
if it died, you other crews wouldnt survive the smell

(ladies &amp; gentlemen... you're scared now)
(make that face at 'em dawg)
(crooked i.. get 'em)


i spot a victim, the plotll thicken when the clock is tickin'
i caught em slippin', i gotta give em a shot, i hit em with proper spittin'
hottest writtens and compositions, so competition's a contradiction
somebody mentioned they got it crooked, highly fiction,
we probably different, got gotti henchmen,
opposition our body quick as bugatti engines
im on a mission to get richer,
the sickest lyric kicker diggin' a ditch for different spitters
sweet lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor
spit like a sick mixture
of notorious pun and l get the big picture
the poster ill roast ya,
my mind so deadly its just like the beanie is close to a holster
its over control my whole coastal region like im supposed to
flow is going postal evening, open season
heart close to freezing, ruthless is easy nigga
approach im squeezing, believe me
dopest west coaster  breathing
so most y'all hope im vegan, no pun, beefing
rappers need to keep it trill
give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills
people sleeping on my ether skills
and y'all ain't even real
we about to die in this cypher
before you die you should do the jada and leave a will
foreal


yaooowa
i ain't a rap dude, im a dude who rap
before this i was moving crack
killers yall become when yall rhyme, i salute and dap
and if i blink then remove ya snaps, you ain't cool you wack
with ya foolish yacs? skinny jeans don't mean ya ass shoot
it means ya booty claps
dont play like tyler perry, this the slaughterhouse of pain
flow brown, tight and heavy
when it comes to sixteens im a fiend feinding a studio
near a needle with a mean lean, probably writing bars to nas "thief theme"
getting my yaowa on, may all the olajuwons be the dream team
this is an all day slaughter
they feindin for us to break like beyonces water
the four quarters doing all the eating
and you gotta know why i made the cut, im puerto rican
ortiz keep the fire ready
and tryna put me outs like tryna steal a transvestite from eddie


im do or die dope
and you can make the sticker sittin' on the door
of that phantom your suicide note
hi rihanna..
is nicki living with you? let me know
so i can buy binoculars and telescopes
hi rihanna..
i dont need to know you better
you tell me you love my music again, we go together
bye rihanna...
now back to yall fools
we rock out like the outside of a guitar school
thousand dollar frames, i prefer to see the world through
dont ask me nothing bout budden, i beat my girl too
you ask me why do i keep her? i say its cheaper to
thats why i ride around in a rolls like wiz khalifa do
rappers, im your daddy, i tell you straight as this
you dont kill but your father will like jaden smith
i tell ya like i tell my spanish chick
you fly but i aint going down on no landing strip
so get your wax on like daniel-son
or ima have to run like de la hoya in drag when cameras come
point out the greatest rapper alive i headshot em
smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
while im cyber sexing with jessica alba, via skype
im on my d-boy, d-bo thing
spiritual steelo swing like cee-lo green
get out the camera with yo b roll bling
you know your flow is whack
we cornered the market like a wal-mart in a cul-de-sac
yeah, this what two million singles sold and a album thats gold
look like, without having to sell your soul
nickle


wait, can i rap?

(you da boss, you better get 'em)

ayo... lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal subliminal
in your swimmin' pool

(boo.. come on man, get back on.. kick that shit)

you bout to see peace destroyed
itll never be restored
when i unleash these beastly hoards on your cd stores
wanna stop it, you gon' need a priest and at least three swords
a license to ill from the beastie boys, three ouija boards
and a squeegee and please be warned dont ask for the squeegees for
or the holy water, acid rap thatll eat these floors
eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
and as for me, you ask when im gone "will he be mourned?"
is puke luke warm? should casey anthony do porn?
can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a freakin' shoebox
with a shoehorn, smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on?
can she duct tape and velcro a fetus? joell yo,
tell joe i need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas
so i can put these babies in the fetal position,
theyre getting elbows to the penis
yeah, big deal. i took some little kids big wheel
and spit in his fricken big kids meal
quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still
you just put your six inch heel through my benz windshield?
is it dust we bout to kick up?
can yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup?
between a stick shift in his fricken pick up
and drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will till he gets hiccups?
flippin' the script up like mike vick
get bit in his junk by a pit, yup im a sick pup
id be a horrible magician
cause id fuck that trick up
fix ya lips up to say something fly, or zip up
a-b? lets c. you said you were gonna do x-y-z
till you fuck around and get dropped like an e
when you add an i-n-g
dont put a k in front of that though, when i mc
cause im not the king of this microphone booth
its more like a phonebooth
superman in this bitch, kryptonite wont do
it gives me more power, i bump the fat boys and
eat rat poison, take meteor showers
fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger
while i hop in a mosh pit, will be like nas doing gospel or r&amp;b, you crazy?
me pushing up daisies? that thought is impossible
as if flashing across the news, posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
with a huge johnson, boobs, and a monstrous tube of lube
and a bra, some boots, some panties, in an aqua blue mazda
swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool
so kill the rumors it aint happenin'
ima rap till im fossil fuel


