nigga tell the world i'm compton, compton
nigga i'm compton
big ass condom, mothafuck ya problems
make sure that you don't bring ya man to my concert
i want you to suck my whole band after concert
compton, compton
nigga i'm compton
big ass condom, mothafuck ya problems
i'm killin' every instrumental and i cosign em
and no three hundred and sixty deals, see that's advance at mcdonald's
i spazz like a wino
time and time again i often wonder where the time go, my daddy and my mom know
i stomp a rapper like a kappa or beat him like a congo
then speed off in a bronco, oj
often reminisce about the old days, hardaway/alonzo
back then we was wearing la gears with the rhinestones
nowadays i'm coming headfirst like a rhino
i rhyme like i invented it my wordplay is unlimited
now nigga spin my vinyl, club going apeshit
rap like i ain't ate shit, shit on any a-list
artist you a novice i'm recording on a spaceship
and we never nodded to your sing-le, king k
d.o.t. is e.t.a. primetime, new clothes
closeminded niggas getting clotheslined, i suppose
bitch i think i'm twopac
bitch i think i'm b.i.g
bitch i think i'm eazy-e, i'm big l and i'm odb
and omg i might od, yeah that be my new tape
that's appreciation tape, thanks for knowing that i'm great
middle finger to the fake fuck you!
i'm the center of attention hut one, hut two
and my bitch a mutt too, mixed with all types of shit
got the keys to her pad like i'm bout to type and shitt
got em all hype and shit, i ain't even do nothing
screaming out "fuck the world", tell you when i'm through nutting
compton, compton
nigga i'm compton
big ass condom, mothafuck ya momma!
i go inside the studio and suicide bomb ya!
i bomb on obama if that nigga get in my way
i'm smelling some vagina, ya niggas some clitoris
must be already dead, saying i ain't killing it
i'm in the lead and winning it, feeling like a stunt double
walk up first we already in hell, pass the blunt devil
ya talking illuminati i'm talking eliminating
everyone including satan, lord knows heaven waiting
i'm the best rapper alive!
i'm the best rapper alive!
i'm the best rapper alive!
tell wayne to swallow his pride
ya niggas talking that jive
i'm talking that malcolm x
martin luther hustles through ya ripping through ya fucking set
i'm the best rapper alive!
i'm the best rapper alive!
i'm the best rapper alive!
jigga man should've retired
i'm going after kanye, lupe fiasco and nas
snoop dogg and mister andre, eminem, busta buss rhymes
y'all better bust no more rhymes
i'ma start busting your ass
if you walk with a mac truck, then throw a bus on your ass!
ya'll be no action, no pass
we gon' start busting on niggas
choppers be bustin' on niggas?
chopper be bustin' on niggas!
fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas
i'm do this for solo
ain't not countdown fuck with us
tde that's the logo
and your bitch eat my promo
yeah she know the whole tape
i'ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho tapes
they be like oh no wait, he's bout to take the whole cake
you goddamn right, gotta big appetite with a big tapeworm everyday i yearn another meal, i'm hun-gray
give some to my ho-mays
nigga we made men and cavemen, living in the stone age
i got this ignorant type shit, from my uncle tony
and may my nigga rest in peace
from heaven i know you see i'm compton, compton
nigga i am compton
a big ass condom, mothafuck lapd, da, and your honor got pumped up on alondra
trap my body, free my mind
hoping ya'll could see the sign


