uh, shoutout to schoolboy q
he uglier than a motherfucker 

tire marks, tire marks, finish line with the tire marks
when the relay starts i'm a runaway slave, uhh
walking on water and running on waves, god mc
oh my god you gotta see, there's never no is in me
of an odyssey, i'm a block away
fire marshals moving in, marshmallows inside my pen
sweet sixteens, got a sweet sixteen and they deadlier than sin
i'm so appalled, with a prototype with a guy named protocol
you an amateur, they want a pro' to call
i'll damage on camera in compton, in canada, i don't care where ya are
just blink twice and i'm there where ya are
like a shadow in the dark, you a paddle in the boat
in an ocean full of sharks, bout to come up short
water in the pot, throw crack rock
like bam bam nigga, have two grams nigga
pay up or blam blam nigga, have the black cam'
we can go dipset, (killa cam) nigga
i've been around niggas, killers, pimps
you ain't been around shit but your momma and your bitch
jumped off the porch when i was like six
uncle bobby got the house raided back in 'nine-six
kick in the do'
canines was all in the kitchen way before i even heard of mike vick
momma in the bathroom, poppa at work
happened on a sunday, we should have went to church
look at my shirt, polo on it
it's gon' sell if my logo on it
i fear no opponent
a demon come near and i might throw a spear at the omen
you looking at the twenty-ten romans' empire
hiiipower, h.p., in ya face like h.d.
and i spit like an h.k., i'ma shop like an hthree
h-u-b-c-i-t-y a-d-n-y-g
problem and hootie, nigga
tell the government come shoot me, nigga
cause i'm going out with a fist raised
and a fistful of money, give it to the fifth grade
drink a fifth of hennessy and then take another fade
with a democratic politician from c.a.
they don't wanna see a b-l-a-c-k
making some scratch like a hall of fame dj
give us some free js, put us in the pjs
now we in the county jail calling for a three-way
goddamn, your call
marketing base, where your goddamn barcode?
stuck in the street, was dark like harpo
black man, tell me where your goddamn heart go?
although i'm in the land of milk and honey
nobody never gave me shit
when i got my first chain all them niggas tried to take it from me
i had to fight back and shit, get it back and shit
and you rap niggas looking funny
tryna talk back and shit, like he back that shit
acting like you real or something
nigga ain't popped no steel, ain't popped no collar
go pop some pills or something
you trying real hard to appeal to someone
i'm being myself, my b-f-f is a b-m-w
with your b-m in it and a stash box glove
and the medicine the doctor gave a nigga won't help
i'm at a limit where i be amazing myself
i bet i finish on a level with a black belt
i'm better anywhere, every rapper get killed
like bla-bla-bla-bla! where the knife at?
cut-cut-cut where your life at
career's over, he's slumped over
and if i'm off beat, know i'm un-sober
that's a new flow
...
plus-plus q gave me some kush and some nuvo
new dough for the new year, and a sumo
and i rap here, not a rapper, i'm a raptor
that's a t-rex, and a v-neck for the rapture
i'm a factor in your facial
i'm a fracture to a fraction
of one half, and i hate math
pastor's like eddie long, fucking maricone
took me mighty long to get here, nigga, fuck!

told ya i was gonna fall off q
we recording? you got that shit?
(yeah, yeah) ugly, our ugly ass 
(fuck all that, "setbacks" dropping december)
don't woooorry!


