
said i'm a fuckin monster a massive attack'll haunt ya
i mastered the rap then fucked up the monitors
mastered that, after that i went for thermometers
popped 'em all as they popped in the jaw of tracy veronica
holla back! they promised us, no pajamas insomnia
will attack, i attack like pirahna does
hit your block like a comet, blap
and you all know what time it is, twenty-twelve mark your calendars
calisthenics and silencers, exercisin that trigger strip!!
rock with us metallica, competition no talent
hum in the jungle what's wild enough?
just might stumble upon a pack, of lions
no lyin my soilders dyin this is i-raq
alliances linin with stars and bars of a prison wreck
my science applyin pressure her strecher is needed
pay the proceeds, or you live in debt!
y'all soft as a giga-pet; you niggaz can't see me
unless you watchin the tv or ultra huggin my silhouette
my flow got the ceiling wet; i spit 'til i feel my breath
go sink in my fuckin chest
she fuckin the fuckin best, mean my dick is the dick of death
means i'm killin that pussy like spike whenever that jerry slept

yo dre! me and andre the giant six'seven" and climbin
whether you storm to your climate, whether your beat makin or rhymin
bumpin some phyllis hyman, handful of diamonds like jay fans
on a island wit ray bans
glasses palmin asses that probably came wit a great tan, hee hee
i be the motherfuckin mecca of these hub city spectrum
where they at? i will disect 'em like a fuckin frog's rectum
while you wreckin with a wreckin ball my words flow incredible
they probably call the federal after i slaughter several
et cetera et cetera, bentley passin up celicas
they tellin us about shit, #hiipower in your mouth bitch!
and top dog can vouch bitch; nigga what you 'bout?a
bout face wit army outfits, the general's here
that mean the hustlers and the criminals here
penitence reachin pinacles of life and despair
and me i solemnly swear
to handle mine like a taliban and die for it
only difference is i ain't never askin allah for it!
only difference is i be spazzin and still apply for it!
put me in a category, i don't know what's a sadder story
guts and glory, yo' pain bore me, you ain't really lived it
i take you to a block where they crippin
or piru that five'two gun, bigger than the torso of pippin
bitch i been doin before you niggaz ruined it show me somethin different
you either kissin dick or givin me distance
you live in a disrict of dimebags and dummys; i know your statistics
who your boss he more like my assisstant?
get lost have a egg and a biscuit
break-fast when we aimin them biscuits
pay cash when ya chain come up missin, q!!!


(q!) double ups dude what the fuck?
get me some my promo poppin, "setbacks" droppin soon they watchin
i just lock and load explode, target flowed i'm somewhere blowed
mary got some swishers sweets, l.a. nigga prolly east
cheerin for the ragin beats, x-o henny' scrape the keys
bangin c i'm bangin b, put them niggaz next to me
stop and focus get the lead, i'm hear now let the hardest be
shit all them dudes got ovaries - period!
run on sentence still i'm ventin air conditionin coolest breeze
ill diseases, grip my pant and shoot my semen
still i'm cumin miles a runnin
i was learnin getting knowledge, head is throbbin, she a goblin
we be mobbin over bitches, stick and miss and she the business
get a witness pussy frenchin, just a mission
poppin off like on a mission, proposition
getting money, drop a nigga
rush a nigga, stomp a nigga
crush a nigga, dust a nigga
copperhead gon' crush a nigga, heatin up the winter nigga
somethin to remember nigga, hella sick i got a spit
cursed with a verse like, god told me kill the shit
load a clip, hecklin cops, the hoover king!
bada bing by the ding-a-ling, natural hoover
fing' ring with a vision clearer than visine, asiang from beijing
money make her cum she cream; feed the weak that's wingstop
at the start wit rain drops, autobots
space shuttle, shittin on your car lots - boy stop!
could at least got excitin huh? #hiipower you see our pattern huh?
workin on tracks like we never been free
twenty-two squezze niggaz shootin off c's, please let a nigga bar sixteen's
rhyme sixteen's, bada bing bing bing
bing bing! bing bing bing bing 


if you want to be from #hiipower
please come to friend zone
but don't wowwwy
you will not suck on my dick tonight


