
"this, this, this should be played at high volume
preferably in a residential"


life's a bitch, life's a bitch
but i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
my dick hard, her pussy wet

and i'm born with my dick in the earth, you can tell me how much am i worth?
i'ma die with my heart on my sleeve, many die on their hands and their knees
and i'm taking whatever i need, and i'm raping the government fees
and you're wasting your time, and i'm speaking my mind on whatever i think
and i think that i'm richard pryor with priors of thirty-two fiends
and that means that i here fly higher, tell me why are you staring at me?
matter of fact man, your eyes is wired, you inspired by kendrick the king
maybe it's cause i'm living my dream, man i sing what i'm living about
in the words that come out of my mouth, they requires a random routine
of being organic granite, then my access is granted
to represent the shit that i conceive, and i guarantee that i'ma bring
my mind, body and soul, and i sold all these records off being myself
and i wish you can do the same thing, man it's easier than a stripper
or tying a baby shoestring, you stringing along
and really, why you writing a song? your passion for music is never in sync
no secret societies guided me to the world of unseen
and they tell me life is a bitch, who gives a shit? you can believe


i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
my dick hard, her pussy wet
i'ma keep the pussy wet, yep
(hi hoe) i came, (bye hoe) i went
(hi hoe) i came, (bye hoe) i went
(hi hoe) i came, (bye hoe) i went
bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch... 

and i see that you envy of me, enemy ghosts don't prosper
better yet, they do die eventually, if i'm at the event you will leave
cause you know and i know that i go +h.a.m.+ even if muslims is seen
in my rearview i'm near you, but i don't hear you, can you hear this breathe?
with an oxygen mask, and the masses keep saying i'm speaking for them
and if you can imagine my madness, then you can see where i've been
and the places the louis has been, and i swear i've been doing this when
you was in pajamas watching b-b-barney and-and friends
and you couldn't harm me even with ten weapons of your choice riding in
army tanks, you shot blanks and i shot back, made your duplex bend
what the fuck you think? if i don't think then i'm right back where the city sin
what the fuck you drink? thinking i can't write these raps in the lions' den
when i hear that you lying then, it's murder she wrote, ain't no hope
you go downhill man, where's your slope? get thrown downhill tied to a rope
tell the world to put intervals, man i swear this the antidote
and they tell me that life is a bitch, who gives a shit when you know that



and i see that you envy of me
don't prosper, better yet, they do die eventually
cause you know and i know that i go (h.a.m.) even if muslims is seen
in my rearview i'm near you
hi hoe, bye hoe...


