
yo let, let, let me ask you a question yo
yo would you kill for me?

hmmm... yeah

what took you so long to answer motherfucker?

i don't know

the fuck wrong with you bitch?



when i met you i admit my first thoughts was to trick
you look so good huh, i suck on your daddy's dick (yeah)
i never felt that way in my life
it didn't take long before i made you my wife (uh, yeah)
got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
come into the crib, even had a set a keys
during the days you helped me bag up my nickels
in the process, i admit, i tricked a little (yeah)
but you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (uhh)
love me when i'm broke or when i'm filthy fuckin rich
and i admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
i treat you right, you talk slick, i beat you right



just me and my bitch 


but you know you love that ass, don't you?

yeah, no question

no question

yo, let me ask you another question

what?

you ever fuck around on me?

why would i do that?

yo don't lie to me motherfucker



moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo
i wanna bitch that like to play celo, and craps
packin gats, in a coach bag steamin dime bags
a real bitch is all i want, all i ever had (yeah, c'mon)
with a glock just as strong as me
totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
one day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty)
throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
i see my polos and timbos
hide my car keys so i can't leave
a real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
and if i deceive, she won't take it lightly
she'll invite me, politely, to fight g
and then we lie together, cry together
i swear to god i hope we fuckin die together




let me tell you nigga, if i ever, ever catch your ass fuckin around
i'ma cut your mother-fuckin dick off

hah, heheh stop playin, hah

i ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes
ain't no jokes

yo, don't don't play with my dick



she helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger (yeah)
one day, she put nine one one on the page
had to call back, whether it's minor or major (yeah)
no response, the phone just rung
grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
when i pulled up, police was on the scene
had to make the u-turn, make sure my shit was clean
drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
it didn't take long before the tears start
i saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
and i know it was meant for me
i guess the niggaz felt they had to kill the closest one to me (uh, yeah)
and when i find em your life is to and end
they killed my best friend... me and my bitch



uh, yeah, yeah
uh...
uh, motherfucker yeah


