
yo, check it
call lil' cease
tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital
man fuck that
tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from dez
and go take about like twenty g's from gino
tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here
nigga be snorin all night i can't sleep (hehe)
call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick
(bad boy big, c'mon)

the doctor said i need about three weeks of recovery
but the nurses is lovin me
sayin the best part of the day is my half
feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath
niggaz say i died dead in the streets
nigga i'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach
chillin, sittin on about half a million
with all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women
next two years, i should see about a billion
all for the love of drug dealin
got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them)
any repercussion, junior m.a.f.i.a. spit clips (that's right)
all the time, big poppa kick the war rhymes
raw flows, and that's how it goes


notorious!
c'mon.. we are, we are
no, no, no, notorious!
he is.. he is..
no, no, no, notorious!

this for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged
truck, necklace, igloo ring and things
for the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin
that shit with the v-trim that win
and the enormous fields disperse of rap
on the road to the riches more furs to drag
more niggaz to kill, than birds to bag
hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh
hops, out the truck like, "trick, what up?"
call me sean if you suck, call me gone when i nut
that's the end of us, get your friend to fuck
untwist and bend her up, you know the deal
niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right)
funny how quick these pricks forget
actin like i ain't the reason they traded they shit
switched that five, copped that six (that's right)
it's all good, you know who the clone is
fuck the joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the combses


c'mon y'all..
notorious!
we are, we are .. (what's his name)
no, no, no, notorious!
he is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
no, no, no, notorious!


who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim?
the notorious k-i to the m
that's me, on mtv, no doubt
titty out like what - i don't give a fuck!
y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne
then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone
things done changed, but we continue to reign
as the king and the queen of hip-hop, me and b.i.
frank white still listen to all the (a)'ttention
i'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position
sexy, young thing, from the ghetto
that bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos
we takin over like francis
switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers
see, i let y'all live to stack a little paper
be glad i pushed my album back, i did y'all hoes a favor!


she did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah
notorious!
no, no, no, notorious!
he is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
bad boy baby, d.r. c'mon
no, no, no, notorious!
we are, we are .. 
queen bee baby, we are, c'mon
no, no, no, notorious!
he is, he is.. (b.i.g. baby, he is c'mon)
no, no, no, notorious!
we are, we are ..
bad boy two thousand
no, no, no, notorious!
b.i.g. born again (he is.. he is..)
and he won't stop
no, no, no, notorious!
cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh
we are, we are.. (brooklyn baby)
no, no, no, notorious!
he is, he is..


