
to my motherfuckin man fifty grand, the alcoholic man
inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can
biggie smalls, the pussy stroker
mc provoker, chocolate thai smoker hear??
i like to max in maximas and acuras
your girl buttcheeks i'm smackin her
the raw rapper, spine snapper
with the little hookers on my lap-ah
you know the flavor mack-ah
a shy nigga but i ain't your fuckin comforter
and if i ever fall in love i bet i'm fuckin her
ask the hooker, if i didn't jook her
if she tried to front, then i drop the chucky booker on her
 why you wanna.. play your games on me
 bitch, you crazy?
commitments, i'm swayze, no time for the ill shit
rest with the niggaz on that real bloodspill shit
my rap-pin tac-tics are drastic
stretchin motherfuckers like mr. fantastic
so if you wanna see my pedigreeeee
you better be, filled with energy, niggaz never gettin me
so let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down



hahhhh, ahhhhhhhh hah
let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(hahhhh boyeeeee, let me get down and funk em)
yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah)
yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(yo i just wanna get em)


yeah, yo
odds even, said shoot (blaow)
asked me the reason, and i said loot
man that's all i'm here for, therefore
when death declares war, you know what to prepare for
shit, one for shelter, book flights on delta
live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya
cool - i guess your momma raised a fool
you didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school
rap terror, shots through your new era
get it together, y'all niggaz shoulda knew better
i'm on point like acupuncture
i might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya
left side, right side, witcha hoe i might slide
runnin wit this big guy, y'all niggaz is pranksters
don't make a nigga have to show you the pound
and show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground
just let me get down



let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(what? what?)
let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(i just wanna funk a little bit)
yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(hahh.. i just wanna funk, what? ahhhh)
let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down


i be like whaaaat? let me clear my throat
break the smoke, missy gotta hit some high notes
heyyyyyy!  yo from coast to coast i burn like toast
so dope that i floats through snow nig-guh
oh, you don't wanna bow to me
the agony be like, "somebody help me please!"
feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better
in any weather, i'm biggie bangin ya nigga
ah-huh, i used to be the chick to lick the lollipop
now i pop through your body parts
blaow, blaow, you like the way i interact
proceed to smack, any mc that's wack
ah-huh, microphone check one two
i do ya tool, like them freaks run through your crew
give it to me, ohhhh, send it to me, ohhhh
but before i get down, where's my money?
let me get down



let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(hahhh.. boyeee)
let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(i just wanna funk a little bit)
yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(hahh.. i just wanna funk)
let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(the mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, hahhh, ahhhh-hah
mack, feelin the funk)


bringin it live to you bitch ass niggaz


