
beeotch!
talk about these hoes big..


i got a bitch that suck my dick til i nut
spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
ain't that a slut (hell yea) she even take it in the butt
fuck for bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
you didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (beotch)
luke and biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (beotch)
lick your toes, bitch? (beotch) fuck no, you must be crazy
squirt in your face and then i'm swayze (bitch)
recognize g, straight up, i can't knock ya
after big poppa, fuck all of junior m.a.f.i.a.
the whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
i roam in lexuses and benzes, the fly way
with the flyest bitch gettin head on the highway (ridin)
my way deep throat on luke's boat
when the moon rises, i'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it)
just the way players play
leave it up to me, i get fucked all day (yeah)
sucked all day, smokin blunts, countin cheese
fucking bitches til they assholes bleed
what you say ba-by



	all i want is hoes, big booty hoes
	check it out, here's another one
	all i want is hoes, big booty hoes
"don't take em to the crib unless they bonin"


uhh.. uhh..
biggie bag bitches from barbecues to barmitzvah's
the dick don't fit, use your lips cause.. (use em)
i'm feelin kinda itchy for a quickie
don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
me eat you, i beat you, then greet you to the door bitch
cause i don't love you no more
which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me
you know me, i like my dick brown like bobby
jim duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
i like em cute, round tits and fat asses
educated, so i can bust off on they glasses
i wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
the bitch drink nuts by the pint


drink it bitch!
all of these hoes do that shit




it's after midnight, it's time to come up
fuckin with some sluts tryin to bust a nut
i ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
i wanna make em all mine (get down hoe)
but it's gettin kinda late, and i cain't wait
bitch fuck a first date
i pulled out my dick, she called me rude..
.. but then she ate it like food (tramp)
then she noticed the limp and the whip
recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
throw all that trick shit, out the window
you come up short tryin to doubt the pimp hoe
too $hort baby, straight from oakland
hoe money is my fix and i can't be broken
freak bitches all on my dick
we on some brooklyn - oakland, california shit (beotch!)




you knew i was a dog when you met me bitch (bitch)
ha ha, fo' sho' (yeahh)
tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
to the spot, that's where we goin baby
see we goin to the spot
do our thang like we always do
you ain't know?


