
look at these niggaz with attitudes 
look at these niggaz with attitudes {hello..}


i started this gangsta shit
and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..}


i started this gangsta shit
and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..}


the motherfuckin world is a ghetto
full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal
when the smoke settle..
..i'm just lookin for a big yellow;
in six inch stilletos
dr. dre {hello..} perculatin keep em waitin
while you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin'
hopin that we penetratin, you gets natin
cause i never been to satan, for hardcore administratin
gangbang affiliatin; mc ren'll have you
wildin off a zone and a whole half a gallon
{get to dialin..} nine one one emergency
{and you can tell em..} it's my son he's hurtin me
{and he's a felon..} on parole for robbery
ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a g
i'm in the six you got to hop in the three, company monopoly
you handle shit sloppily i drop a ki properly
they call me the don dada
pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla
even rottweilers, follow, the impala
wanna talk about this concrete? nigga i'm a scholar
the incredible, hetero-sexual, credible
beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible
nigga ain't federal, i plan shit
while you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts

i started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..} 


villain blows up yo' spot
take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' glock
this motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
you slapped her ass that's alarmin
cause she want my worm like carmen
we chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz
run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggaz
scarin motherfuckers like steven king flicks
makin niggaz clear the room like a dyke flea a dick
makin twond ii none shit, nigga like quik
so when i bomb first nigga who you rollin with?
fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch
cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle
watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin a muscle
bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle
same time same channel don't change the dial
niggazfourlife, fuckin your wife, these niggaz wild {hello..}


i started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..} 

look at these niggaz with attitudes
look at these niggaz with attitudes
look at these niggaz with attitudes {hello..}
i started this gangsta shit
and this the muh'fuckin thanks i get? {hello..}
and you won't stop and you don't stop.


i was a terror since the public school era
bathroom passes, cuttin classes, squeezing asses
smoking blunts was a daily routine
since thirteen, a chubby nigga on the scene
i used to have the tre' duce
and the duce duce in my bubblegoose
now i got the mack in my knapsack
loungin' black, smoking sacks up in acts
and sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks
honeys want to chat
but all we wanna know is "where the party at?"
and can i bring my gat?
if not, i hope i don't get shot
but i throw my vest on my chest
'cause niggaz is a mess
it don't take nothin' but frontin'
for me to start somethin'
buggin' and barkin' at niggaz like i was duck huntin'
dumbing out, just me and my crew
cause all we wanna do is... {hello..}


i started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..} 


hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
seen my man sei that i knew from the projects
said he had beef, asked me if i had my peice
sure do, two .twenty-two's in my shoes
holler if you need me love i'm in the house
roam and strollin' see what the honeys is about
moet popping, hoe hopping, ain't no stopping big poppa, i'm a badboy
niggaz wanna front, who got your back? (biggie!)
niggaz wanna flex, who got the gat? (biggie!)
it ain't hard to tell i'm the east coast overdoser
nigga you scared you're supposed to
nigga i toast ya, put fear in your heart
fuck up the party before it even start
pissy drunk, off the henny and stuff
or some brand-nubian shit beatin' down punks! {hello..}


i started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks i get? {hello..} 


