

to all my brooklyn "niggas!! (niggas!!)"
to all my uptown "niggas!! (niggas!!)"
to all my bronx "niggas!! (niggas!!)"
to all my queensbridge "niggas!! (niggas!!)"
"nigga nigga nigga.."


back up chump, you know biggie smalls rips it quick
and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get
with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy g's
hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots
on the avenue, take my loot, and i'm baggin you
pimpin hoes that drive volvo's and rodeos
flash the roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
grip the glock, when i walk down the crowded blocks
just in case a nigga wanna act out
i just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
that's a real nigga for ya




when we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
just in case dread wanna riff
he get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
that's a real nigga for ya
get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
spit at the d.a., cause fuck what she say
she don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
up north found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
you'll be a super hoover doo-doo stain remover
ha hahhh, yo g, pass the ruler




money hoes and clothes
blunt smoke comin out the nose, is all a nigga knows
flippin on foes, puttin tags on toes
watchin the stash grow, clockin the cashflow
the neighborhood gravedigga
gettin paid so much, all the bitches wanna see a nigga
i guess they figure i'm paid, i wanna get laid
or since i got loot i wanna knock boots
i'd rather beat my dick than trick
and if she don't suck then we don't fuck
i'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck
grab the nine, two clips, and run amuck
yes, flex at the two or three benzes
i wreck shit, what the fuck you expected?
a fly guy?  well fuck it, i'm the high guy
from bed-stuy, puttin the swellin on your eye
and your nose even, when i choke ya you stop breathin
and when jake come, i'm leavin!




