
yo..
yo.. check this out
yeah!  motherfuckers, c'mon!
motherfuckers, c'mon b.i.g. motherfuckers
b.i.g., motherfuckers
two thou', b.i.g. motherfuckers
??, two thou', motherfuckers
??, b.i.g. motherfuckers
b.i.g. at war, motherfuckers
b.i.g. ... we proceed ..
to give you, what you need
i am.. as we proceed ..
to give you all what you need motherfuckers
b.i.g., motherfuckers
ohhhhh shit!!!


yo.. too much smoke in here man
crack the fuckin window man
that's how the fuck you went to jail last time nigga
the fuck wrong with you nigga.. the fuck man?
ahh ehh.. stupid nigga man
nigga fuck that
yo.. yo!  yo-yo-yo, yo, yo, yo.. yo
yo-yo-yo, yo.. yo
yo.. 

i make yo' mouthpiece obese like della reese
when i release, you loose teeth like lil' cease
nigga please, blood floods yo' dungarees
and that's just the half on my warpath
laugh now cry later, i rhyme greater
than the average playa hater, and spectators
buy my cd twice; they see me in the streets
they be like, "yo he nice, but that's on the low doe"
be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
i pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes
short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz
extortion came quicker, bought the range nigga
ya still tickle me, i used to be as strong as ripple be
til lil' cease crippled me
now i play hard, like my girls nipples be
the game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules
move from bk to new jeruz -- thinkin bout
all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through
now the year's new, i lay my game flat
i want my spot back, take two
motherfuckers mad cause i blew, niggaz envious
too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous
when my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
slugs missed ya, i ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin
catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin
sippin white russians, bitch in the benz bumpin
i laced it wit the basic, six tv's a system
knockin mase shit, face it, we hard to hit
guard ya shit, 'fore i stick you, for your re-up
wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up
go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss



y'all can't see this..
that this might be the night..
this might be the night that's right, that's right
this might be the night.. (kiss your ass goodbye)


niggaz playin they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long
finessed, what i was dealt with from the day i was born
while you bent up on that corner, niggaz plottin and scheamin
up in them little holes, be creepin wit mad demons
niggaz knows, not to fuck with my dough
niggaz know not to fuck with this little bro i'm ten seconds hit'n'go
black mask black truck chrome rims chuck timbs
enough to confuse, any witness
strongest of calibers, is what we only travel wit
you gotta get hit, your man did, so you got a hand in it
extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all
you know the niggaz with the biggest balls set the new laws
and flip fours, have em washin drawers while you up north
gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed
overhearin niggaz situation, sayin, "like we thought"
sittin on the stand with no remorse




yo, yo how we do niggaz, i don't beef i shoot niggaz
if i can't get the main character, a few niggaz then
i don't need no gin to boost me
i got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go
i got fire in my heart, guns in my car
cash in my carharts, it ain't hard to get em 
like blaow when i hit em, the nigga shit his drawers
when the forty-pound hit him, the fuck these niggaz thought?
could it be the fame, maybe it's the two benz or
would it be the same if i couldn't claim those?
fuckin with, hoes ??
cock sucker beat it while you bleed it on the dashboard
niggaz get, what they hand call for, again bricks
you get deaded, i get erections, over revenge
can you get a quiet spot in the shade, for a breeze
i lay a nigga down and steam roll away ??






i never thought it would be like this
i never thought it would be like this
always thought you would be here
always thought you would be by my side
i never thought it'd be like this
oh god i miss you!  c'mon!  yea!






