

all you hoes, callin' here for my daddy get off his dick.
like that mommy?





hi daddy, how you doin', this is tyiest, i was thinkin' about you last
night, mmm, you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you busy and
all that, but you tryina tell me it wasn't good?


that shit is real fucked up what you did, i hooked you up wit my girl
and shit you fucked her eight times you see her you don't say shit to her
you know what i'm sayin? and all that bitch do is call me all day
talkin' bout you: "why the fuck do he don't want me?"


yo big this is quita, kenya told me she saw you and shana in the mall
and i know you aint fuckin' her. you fucked with me last night that's my
best friend and we don't get down like that.


yeah muthafucka this is stephanie, i was waitin' outside for your ass
for like a fuckin' hour, i don't know what's goin on, muthafuckas tryina
raw me, you be dissapearin' and shit i'm waitin' in the cold, what the
fuck is goin' on, when you get in give me a fuckin' call, alright?

when it comes to sex, i'm similar to the thriller in manila
honeys call me bigga the condom filler
whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
i got the pack of rough riders in the back of the pathfinder
you know the ep along by james todd smith
i get swift with the lyrical gift
hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
here we go, here we go, but i'm not domino
i got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
so recognize the dick size in these karl kani jeans
i'm in thirteens, know what i mean
i fuck around and hit you with the hennessey dick
mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
the next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter
skinny or fat or white-skinned or black, baby i drop
these boricua mommies screamin "aiy papi!"
i love it when they call me big poppa
i only smoke blunts if they roll propa
look, i gotcha caught up in the drunk flow
fuck tae kwon do, i tote da fo'-fo'
for niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me
a big black motherfucker with g ya see
all i do is separate the game from the truth
big bang boots from the bronx to bolivia
gettin physical like olivia newt
tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
so gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed
i'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed
even if your new man's a certified mack
you'll get that h-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back

oh biggie gimme one more chance
i got that good dick girl, ya didn't know


is my mind playin tricks, like scarface and bushwick
willie d, havin nightmares of girls killin me
she mad because what we had didn't last
i'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
fuck the past let's dwell on the five hundred sl, the e and j and ginger ale
the way my pockets swell to the rim with benjamins
another hon's in the crib, please send her in
i fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot
but lickin clits had to stop
cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
peep the funk flow, really though
i got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius
so take off your tim boots and your bodysuit
i mean the spandex and hit my man next
sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster
pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
i don't chase em, i replace em
and if i'm caressin em, i'm undressin em
fuck whatcha heard who's the best in new york
for fillin fantasies without that nigga mr. rourke?
or tattoo i got you wrapped around my dick
and when i'm done i got to split shit
back shots is my position, i gotcha wishin for an intermission
fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, i ain't frontin
they don't call me b.i.g. for nuttin, all of a sudden

oh biggie gimme one more chance
i got that good dick girl you didn't know



