
no syrup in this cup but this that po' up
when you see me po' up, turn up til you throw up
like a bulemic fiending, for hurl over them toilets
if i run out of liquor in your city, yo where the store at?
one bottle, two bottles i'm a soldier, never sober
cup runneth over, don't give a fuck about cirrhosis
one life, that's all we have, ok lets toast to that
then dive in a pool full of liquor, swim laps like michael phelps


used to wake up every morning to a glass of alize
hope this dollar shot of e&amp;j will take the pain away
aim and shoot, shots of ciroc will make the girls get loose
with it we all trippin off the hen like a female chicken
you with it? (soul!) spread your wings, you probably won't get far
i honestly wouldn't advise operating a car
try not to let the peer pressure get the best of ya
and end up giving it up in a restroom like the rest of us


so it's that groovy little nigga known for popping them bottles
under my pants be a golden dick, bitch, everything about me solid
burberry nigga, them be my draws, alexander mcqueen in closets
swagged-out king, yeah nigga i'm puff, uh, have that pussy throbbin'
someone tell me where the drugs at, i'm into that, twisted off them molly caps
ciroc too don't fuck wit goose; can i get a shot, swim in your juice?
worth a stack a minute, everyday that shit repeat
i ain't tryna sweep you off your feet - bitch, did you see your tab reciept?

“sherane?”
(pool full of liqour then you dive in, in, in, in )
“sherane, sherane, sherane” (wa-watch em all f-flock)
"awww man"
“sherane” (girls wanna play, play, play)
where is she taking me? (p-pool full of liquor imma d-d-i-iive in)
where is she, taking… me


all i, all i, all i, all i have in life is my new appetite for failure
and i got hunger pain that grow insane; tell me do that sound familiar?
if it do then you're like me, makin' excuse that your relief
is in the bottom of the bottle, and the greenest indo leaf
as the window open i release, everything that corrode inside of me
i see you joking, why you laugh? don't you feel bad? i probably sleep
and never ever wake up; never ever wake up, never ever wake up
in god i trust, but just when i thought i had enough


