everybody, everybody, everybody
everybody sit your bitch ass down and listen
to this true mothafuckin' story told by kendrick lamar on rosecrans
ya bish

smoking on the finest dope, aye aye aye aye
drank until i can't no more, aye aye aye aye
really i'm a sober soul but i'm with the homies right now
and we ain't asking for no favors
rush a nigga quick then laugh about it later, aye aye aye aye
really i'm a peacemaker but i'm with the homies right now
and momma used to say
one day, it's gon' burn you out
one day, it's gon' burn you out, out
one day, it's gon' burn you out
one day, it's gon' burn you
but i'm with the homies right now

me and my niggas four deep in a white toyota
a quarter tank of gas, one pistol, and orange soda
janky stash box when the federales roll up
basketball shorts with the gonzales park odor
we on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
i hope the universe love you today
‘cause the energy we bringing sure to carry away
a flock of positive activists and fill the body with hate
if it’s necessary
bumping jeezy first album looking distracted
speaking language only we know, you think is an accent
the windows roll down all i see is a hand pass it
hotboxing like george foreman grilling the masses
of the working world, we pulled up on a bunch of working girls
and asked them what they working with – look at me
i got the blunt in my mouth
usually i’m drug-free, but shit i’m with the homies

(yea nigga, we off a pill and remy red
come through and bust ya head nigga)
me and the homies
(sag all the way to the liquor store
where my niggas pour up four and get twisted some more)
me and the homies
(i ride for my mothafuckin’ niggas
hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in)
me and the homies
(matter fact, i hop out that mothafucka and be like
“doo! doo! doo! doo!...doo! doo! doo! doo! doo!”)

it’s two:thirty and the sun is beaming
air conditioner broke and i hear my stomach screaming
hungry for anything unhealthy and if nutrition can help me
i’ll tell you to suck my dick then i'll continue eating
we speeding on the four hundred and five passing westchester
you know the light skin girls in all the little dresses, good lord
they knew we weren’t from ‘round there
‘cause every time we down there we pulling out the boost mobile sim cards
bougie bitches with no extensions
hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
before we sparked a conversation
we seen three niggas in colors we didn’t like then started interrogating
i never was a gangbanger, i mean i was never stranger to the folk neither
i really doubt it
rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
that’s ironic ‘cause i’ve never been violent, until i’m with the homies

(just ridin’, just ridin’)
me and the homies
(bullshittin’, actin’ a fool)
me and the homies
(trippin’, really trippin’)
me and the homies
(just ridin’, just ridin’, just ridin’...)

bragging ‘bout the episode we just had
a shot of hennessey didn’t make me feel that bad
i’m usually a true firm believer of bad karma
consequences from evil will make your past haunt you
we tryna conquer the city with disobedience
quick to turn it up, even if we ain’t got the cd in
but jeezy still playing and our attitude is still “nigga, what is you saying”
pull in front of the house that we been camping out for like two months
the sun is going down as we take whatever we want
(ay, ay, nigga jackpot nigga, pop the safe
ay nigga, i think it's somebody in this room
wait, what?
nigga, it's somebody in this room!)
i hit the back window in search of any nintendo
dvds, plasma screen tvs in the trunk
we made a right, then made a left, then made a right
then made a left, we was just circling life
my mama called – "hello? what you doin'?" “kicking it”
i should’ve told her i’m probably ‘bout to catch my first offense with the homies

but they made a right, they made a left then made a right
then another right
one lucky night with the homies

k. dot, you faded, hood?
yea we finally got that nigga faded. i think he hit the wrong blunt though
ooh, which one?
well which one he talking 'bout? i was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
i pray he ain't hit that
nah, that nigga straight. he ain't hit that one
got the shenanigans? give that nigga the shenanigans
nigga i think we should push back to the city, fo real doe nigga, for what?
what that nigga, what's that jeezy song say nigga?
"last time i checked i was the man on these streets!"
yea, yea, that shit right there. i'm tryna be the nigga in the street
there he go. man you don't even know how the shit go
look, here's the plan luv. we gon' use the kickback as a alibi.
wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop k. dot off at his mama van, at the park,
cause i know he trying to fuck on sherane tonight
that's what he’s not gon' do. then we all gon' meet back at the block at about ten:thirty
that's straight but we should meet up around twelve, i'm tryna fuck on something too
nigga sit yo dumb ass back down, nigga you ain't doing shit tonight
matter fact, nigga get in the mothafuckin' car. we finna get active


